{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green19\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c9412\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Transcript\
Date: 2026-04-07\
Conversation: E2IP - Canadian CMMC Compliance Discussion\
Speakers: Orlee Berlove (Senior Director of Marketing, PreVeil) + Dan Martel (Partner Marketing Manager, PreVeil) + Michel Turcotte (E2IP)\
\
=============================================================================\
\
0:08 - m.turcotte\
It's better if we speak in English. My colleague, Mr.\
\
0:11 - orlee berlove\
Martin, can't speak in French.\
\
0:38 - m.turcotte\
Bye, Dan.\
\
0:40 - Dan Martel\
I was looking for the translation button in here.\
\
0:45 - orlee berlove\
I was being a show-off. I was practicing. Do you ever live in Quebec?\
\
0:49 - m.turcotte\
I live in Paris for a little bit. I did a part of my college years there and I've been back a lot. Oh, okay. Great. Nice to see you guys.\
\
1:07 - orlee berlove\
Yeah. So, uh, Michelle, um, I am orlee. I am the senior director of marketing here at Prevail and my colleague, Dan. Dan, if you want to just introduce yourself.\
\
1:19 - Dan Martel\
Yeah. Hey there. I'm Dan. I'm the partner marketing manager here at Prevail. So I work with alongside a lot of our partners. Okay.\
\
1:26 - orlee berlove\
And, um, yeah, so, you know, part of what, um, I wanted to do today is find out, you know, you've been a customer of Prevail for a while, and I want to understand a little bit about E2IP, or do you call it E2IP? How do you pronounce it?\
\
1:42 - m.turcotte\
No, no, no, E2IP, you got it right. Yes, it's E2IP, yes.\
\
1:46 - orlee berlove\
And kind of understand a little bit of your compliance story, your current compliance status. And, you know, one thing we're trying to understand is our Canadian customers in general a bit more. So trying to understand, are you looking to meet Canadian CMMC or the US CMMC or Canadian CMMC, which is CPCSC.\
\
2:12 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, you got to try it. Exactly. Yeah.\
\
2:15 - orlee berlove\
So I guess, you know, my understanding, I did a little bit of research on you guys, you essentially do kind of the technologies that people use for human interfaces with other technologies. So if you think about like, yeah, if you're thinking about your coffee maker, whether you get a full coffee or a half coffee or on your car, you know, you push a button. Anyway, is that kind of the correct understanding?\
\
2:44 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, exactly. So for, yeah, we do the interface exactly between different equipment and we sell that to OEM customer that they have to integrate that in all type of equipment, could be a tank, it could be a, a bomb suit, it could be all kinds of stuff that we're doing for the defense part of it. So our compliance, that's interesting because yeah, we acquired a company a few years ago that was doing ITAR product in the US and we're a Canadian company. So this is where we began with you guys to say, okay, if we want to manage that, I want to have a solution that is secure. So we start at this point for the US with the ITAR documentation that we add. So we will fill that in your platform because as a Canadian, if it has not been exported in Canada, I cannot touch it. So I said, okay, let's put it there and make sure it's a safe and it's a backup and all that stuff. So this is where we start with you. We are controls good in Canada. So this is the equivalent for the ITAR in the US. So we are certified controls good in Canada. So that permit us to get the export permit for and after that, we can manufacture that in Canada. So this part is pretty good. So after that, with the CMMC, what happened is that, okay, let's do what we did with the controls, good, let's get the Canadian certification, and after that, we'll be cover on those, that certification. But Canada was late on the game on that part to release the specification. You're probably aware that they choose a different revision of the NIST.\
\
4:21 - m.turcotte\
Right, Web3.\
\
4:23 - m.turcotte\
and started for F2. And after that, we tried to confirm that the Canadian specification will be accepted by the US and that's not the case. So that put us in a situation and said, okay, there's no reason for me to get the Canadian one if I'm not able to be approved in the US. So we decided to move in that case for the CMMC. So that changed the plan a little bit and said, okay, we'll get the US certification. Canada confirmed that it will exit the U.S. One. So that is basically the plan we have right now for that.\
\
4:59 - orlee berlove\
So you're currently pursuing, so you're ITAR compliant, you're pursuing U.S. For current American contracts, future American? We have both.\
\
5:11 - m.turcotte\
We have both. We have Canadian contract and we have U.S. Contracts. We have both. And to be able to comply with that, again, the goal was to get the Canadian one, but now we're aiming for the US one.\
\
5:23 - orlee berlove\
Okay, so Canadian, so to just summarize that you'll, at some point in the future, look to get Canadian CMMC sometime in the glorious future, but for now you're focusing on US CMMC.\
\
5:35 - m.turcotte\
Exactly. And this plan has changed because I got this information early, late last year that I got a confirmation that, okay, the Canadian US will accept the Canadian one.\
\
5:47 - orlee berlove\
Yeah, so this is a might be outside of your bailiwick, but do you know how many companies are actually meeting US Canadian CMMC now?\
\
5:58 - m.turcotte\
No, but that would be interesting to know, because I met a few customers where they had the same situation. It was not fixed for them because they were looking again for a vote. Because as you know, Canada is a big exporter, so most of our defense contract is to the US. So we have a limited Canada, but it's a very timing part. So that's why we have no choice to get the US one in that case.\
\
6:22 - orlee berlove\
So, yeah, we do it in both. So you're working towards USCMMC now. How's that going?\
\
6:32 - m.turcotte\
So it's delayed because we were waiting to get the Canadian one and Canadian was delayed. So when I got the information, now we just restarting that. So It's not that the control are not in place, because the control are in place, it's just all the paperwork that goes with it that we need to speed up.\
\
6:56 - orlee berlove\
So what about, so I guess, are you working with a partner?\
\
7:02 - m.turcotte\
So, yeah, not yet. But, and I'm glad that you're calling me because I was looking to say, okay, now that the plan is confirmed, as we go that route, I will need to find a partner to assist us and make sure I got the right one that is as experienced also in Canada, that would be great.\
\
7:23 - orlee berlove\
Dan.\
\
7:24 - Dan Martel\
Yeah, I'd be happy to follow up and share. And are you looking for both like the kind of consulting type people to help make sure you're ready for the assessment and also getting some recommendations for the actual C3PAO assessors that can come in and Exactly. Okay. Yeah. I'm happy to, to follow up with a few examples. I have a few in mind, but I want to check a few more, um, that are, that are based in Canada.\
\
7:50 - m.turcotte\
Okay. Yeah, that would be great. But yeah, we need to, yeah, just complete this gap assessment and make sure we get no surprise there. And after that, yeah. And for the certification.\
\
8:01 - Unidentified Speaker\
Yeah.\
\
8:02 - m.turcotte\
Do you have many Canadian customers? Yeah. Okay.\
\
8:07 - orlee berlove\
I mean, so. So total, we have about 2,500 customers. I would say about 10% of them are Canadian, and 5% are outside of North America. So the Five Eyes, UK, Australia, Japan. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.\
\
8:27 - m.turcotte\
Oh, okay. Interesting. So one of the issues I had also is when I did my Controls Good renewal certification with the I said, okay, we have our, we're doing a lot of business in the U.S. And I want to put everything in the Prevail tool, but this is hosted in U.S. I said, can I do that? Because it's Encrypt and all that stuff and we're certified in both countries and we have everything. And for the data residency, they refuse. I said, no, you cannot do that. So I don't know, that was the, it was maybe not a no, official statement, but it was from the auditor that did our controls good assessment. So that was also one of the challenge we had because I got both, I got in the US and I got in Canada.\
\
9:15 - orlee berlove\
So according to CMMC, I just checked on that before our call, interesting enough about data residency requirements. So if you're looking to be ITAR, yeah, it has to be in the US, but if you're looking CMMC, right, it could theoretically have a data residency in Canada. Whether we could actually do that, I don't know. But theoretically, it could. I can't say what would be the technicalities. Theoretically, we can do fission and fusion, but whether we can actually do it, produce more energy. You're cutting.\
\
9:58 - m.turcotte\
I don't know if it's my Wi-Fi or your connection, but I lost you a little bit. Sorry.\
\
10:11 - Unidentified Speaker\
Oh, no. It was cutting, yes.\
\
10:16 - m.turcotte\
OK. Again? I think it's back. Yeah, it's OK. You know what? I'm going to just go off the video for a moment. Was it the same for you, Donna, or it was only me?\
\
10:26 - orlee berlove\
I'm going to go off the video just to improve.\
\
10:29 - m.turcotte\
Oh, yeah, maybe. Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's do that. Yeah, let's do that. So, Michael.\
\
10:34 - orlee berlove\
All right, we're having this really interesting conversation, I don't want to end it. Okay. So, all right, so are you guys a prime contractor or are you getting?\
\
10:48 - m.turcotte\
No, we're not prime, so we get subcontracts from the prime, yeah.\
\
10:52 - orlee berlove\
And your customers are in the US?\
\
10:56 - m.turcotte\
And Canada, we have both, so we have prime in Canada and we have, and it's a, It's a general dynamic. They have planned in Canada, they have business in Canada, they have in the U.S. And we deal with both, depending on the contract.\
\
11:12 - orlee berlove\
Sorry to keep hammering on this point, but your Canadian contractors, they're requiring Canadian CMMC or U.S. CMMC?\
\
11:21 - m.turcotte\
They are just requiring CMMC, so in that case it's the U.S.\
\
11:31 - orlee berlove\
You said you pretty much have your controls met. You're looking to do a gap assessment, OK? So what is your target? Timeline for getting achieving?\
\
11:44 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, it's it's this year, so by the end of the year we need to, yeah, complete that and get it done.\
\
11:52 - orlee berlove\
Got it, got it. And I, I guess. Has the demand that you're getting from your Canadian and U.S. Customers, is it like if you're not CMMC compliant, you cannot get a contract? Is it like an immediate?\
\
12:11 - m.turcotte\
Correct. Yeah, we're OK right now, but as soon as we get it by the end of the year, we will be OK.\
\
12:21 - orlee berlove\
OK. So one of the things I'm kind of So just to be transparent, we're trying to understand, get educated on this in part because we're trying to get further into the Canadian market, but also very curious about trying to get more information in front of our customers and growing our potential base. Do you think you'd be interested and maybe doing a, would it be possible to do a webinar with us? Is that something you could do?\
\
13:01 - m.turcotte\
That could be interesting, but not in the, not in the next few months because I'm already overbooked, so, but maybe later on, yeah.\
\
13:14 - orlee berlove\
Yeah, like kind of in the summer summer time?\
\
13:20 - m.turcotte\
Maybe more fall because I'm a little bit short on stuff right now that's been an issue. So my schedule is pretty bulky.\
\
13:27 - orlee berlove\
Okay, no, that's fair enough. Yeah. I mean, completely understand. And, you know, I just do appreciate your time and trying to get a little and helping us get educated. One of the things I'm curious, though, I'll just finish up with a couple more questions. Just in terms of trying to understand your journey with Prevail, what drove you to choose Prevail? Was it kind of the need for an American company that was doing this end-to-end encryption thing?\
\
14:01 - m.turcotte\
So yeah, again, the first need, it was in twofold. The first, I saw some of our Canadian partners that were using your product. So this is the first time I saw it. I said, okay, that seems interesting. And the fact that we acquire a U.S. Company that was doing ITAR and we didn't want to necessarily get the export permit for all of them because we need to that to stay in the U.S. In some cases. Some were transferred because we're building them in Montreal, but not all of them. So this is the need to get a secure ITAR solution. And seeing that our tenants and partner were already using the solution. So this is what triggered it. And after that, I said, okay, let's expand that. And I tried to expand with the control group, but this was refused. So from the auditor that I mentioned previously. So that's changed again, because I was trying to just put everything in one place.\
\
14:59 - orlee berlove\
Wait, so your auditor for ITAR compliance, or?\
\
15:02 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, in Canada refused that solution, yeah. Because of data residency.\
\
15:09 - orlee berlove\
Can I ask what the other solution was?\
\
15:11 - m.turcotte\
Oh, the other solution was to do it on the house, basically. So we do it on our own server. So ITAR, as you know, is a bit less, that's strange because for the technical control, it's a bit less restrictive. It's more on the other side, but we can always have on our server. This is what we were doing basically for the, when we export that. So we have secure server in the house that we're who manage those documents. For the Canadian part, yeah.\
\
15:42 - Unidentified Speaker\
Okay.\
\
15:45 - m.turcotte\
Not easy to meet two regulations that are not aligned.\
\
15:49 - orlee berlove\
Yeah, they are kind of different.\
\
15:51 - m.turcotte\
Sometimes I know it should be the 51st state will be easier.\
\
15:55 - orlee berlove\
I mean, I imagine what you're looking at, Michel, is what a lot of companies outside of the US who are dealing with US contractors are trying to achieve, know, it's this trifecta, your local or ITAR, CMMC, and whatever local restrictions you have, like the compliance trifecta.\
\
16:18 - m.turcotte\
Yes, exactly.\
\
16:20 - orlee berlove\
So I guess what has been the challenge, the hardest part of that, that journey so far?\
\
16:27 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, in the beginning, it was a clear, clear answer from the government about the acceptance of those certification and the fact that Canada was so late in the game and to get the information about this plan has been a bit challenging. So that was the first part and when we get so many gray area and we know that just to understand this it was interesting but now with this gray area concerning the bolt regulation yeah it was when delay our decision in that area.\
\
17:04 - orlee berlove\
Right. In terms of meeting CMMC though, what have you found difficult? Or what have been kind of like the challenging parts?\
\
17:13 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, in the beginning when I start, yeah, just to get a clear understanding of the requirement, but the more I dig in it, we get it resolved. So, but it's a lot of, it education that was needed to understand the all the term and all that stuff. And a few years ago, it was about the FIPS certification, because when I talk with the vendor, they all play games on this naming. So that was a bit tricky in the beginning. But after that, we understood their game. So yeah, marketing company and the marketing place are playing game with that. So that's a bit yeah, sad for the business that are trying to get certified, but we got this result, so I'm afraid it was okay, yeah.\
\
18:08 - orlee berlove\
Have you been using the compliance accelerator at all, Prevails Compliance?\
\
18:13 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, we're starting with that. So in the beginning, we're doing that more in Excel, but this year I bought your solution and we will, yeah, use that to get our deployment.\
\
18:27 - orlee berlove\
Right. So I kind of have a final question, and then, Dan, if you have any questions, feel free. But as we're thinking about kind of trying to address the Canadian market, if Michelle could draw a magic wand and say, I would love to hear webinar or a discussion of the following topic in compliance, because that would really help me understand the challenges. How would you, I guess, how would you kind of structure that answer or the webinar?\
\
19:09 - m.turcotte\
Oh, that's a very good question. Let me just think about it for a few seconds. I think that the gap in the regulation and this data residency that is just creating a mess for us. And the plan for government to get this information is always challenging. So that is a huge one because complexity, it's already enough complex just to put the CMMC. And the fact that we have ITAR in the US, we have ITAR in Canada, and I cannot merge them. And the fact that we have the Canadian certification on the REV3 that one day we might need to meet. It's a bit of a mess for the effort needed. And the other part is the defense is a small part. Of our business. This is not the usual. It's really a smart part, but this is the most time-consuming for the regulation. And at some point, we were not even sure if we were continuing in that area. So this is why I started a few years ago, but we put that on pause because I said, okay, guys, do we continue to invest a lot of money on that or not? And the decision came a little bit late this year that said, okay, we move on. And we go ahead. And this is why it was not finished prior to that, because the business was not sure if we were continuing or not, considering all this.\
\
20:50 - orlee berlove\
What made you want to continue?\
\
20:54 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, we want, no doubt about it. But now the decision is taken, so we go ahead, no doubt about it.\
\
21:01 - orlee berlove\
Right. I guess the opportunity was, seems like a huge opportunity, I guess is the answer.\
\
21:09 - m.turcotte\
Yes, yes, exactly.\
\
21:13 - orlee berlove\
Okay, so let me just replay what you said, make sure I got it. So it's kind of what I was referring to earlier, which is the trifecta of compliance.\
\
21:22 - Unidentified Speaker\
Yes.\
\
21:23 - orlee berlove\
Of ITAR, Canadian CMMC, and U.S. CMMC. You know, all of that data has to be stored, I guess, in separate servers, is that correct?\
\
21:33 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, but we have two solutions. I got one for the US and I got one for Canada. So, that's not great because at the end it should be similar.\
\
21:42 - orlee berlove\
Right. I wish I could have a magic wand.\
\
21:48 - m.turcotte\
Yes. I was looking for that, but I didn't find it yet.\
\
21:53 - orlee berlove\
Yeah, I lost mine. I lost mine. Okay. Maybe Dan has one.\
\
22:00 - m.turcotte\
Maybe.\
\
22:02 - Dan Martel\
Dan, do you have any questions?\
\
22:04 - Dan Martel\
No, I don't have any questions. This was really insightful. Thank you, Michelle. OK.\
\
22:12 - orlee berlove\
Yeah, Michelle. So Dan will be in follow up with you, just in terms of finding some partners who could be helpful to you. And he'll probably be in touch further. Yeah.\
\
22:28 - Dan Martel\
Sorry, I have a great C2PAO in mind, and I just reached out to our head of compliance to see if they have any other recommendations in Canada, since they might know a few others that I'm not thinking of And then I also have a few RPO type partners in mind that can help with like the gap assessment and readiness and helping to make sure you feel good to go going into that. So once I verify those details internally, I'm happy to reach out and directly make a couple about E-Valuable.\
\
22:58 - m.turcotte\
Yeah, sure.\
\
22:59 - m.turcotte\
Exactly. That would be good. Cool.\
\
23:02 - orlee berlove\
Well, Michel, thank you so much for taking the time to talk to us this morning. Really appreciate your help in kind of trying to get our minds around this market.\
\
23:12 - m.turcotte\
Okay. No, I appreciate this opportunity. And also, I did some reference for some of the Canadian customers where I was contacted to give reference for prevail and I always like to share also our experience because they were facing the same thing as we do yes same challenge so and it's good that we can sometime share with us to see just that we are on track with the latest news about this relation and how we address that so right always always good right okay thank you very much michelle so uh thank you and if I get any more news on that, we'll stay in touch. And if you have any other topic you want to share, yeah, I'm always open for that.\
\
24:00 - orlee berlove\
OK. Merci beaucoup. Bonjour.\
\
24:03 - m.turcotte\
Merci beaucoup. Au revoir.\
\
24:06 - orlee berlove\
Dan, you got a sec?\
\
24:07 - Unidentified Speaker\
Yes, I do.\
\
24:08 - orlee berlove\
OK. Well, well-informed now, a bit better informed, but Yeah. Probably not a webinar candidate, but give us some good insight to add into the discussion Yeah, so it's kind of you know the compliance kerfuffle or the compliance Challenge three, you know sets of compliance Requirements for one company. Mm-hmm.\
\
24:43 - Dan Martel\
Yeah, that'll make for a really interesting conversation on this web, upcoming webinar.\
\
24:49 - orlee berlove\
Still need to find someone who's willing to talk though.\
\
24:52 - Dan Martel\
Yeah. Hey, we'll have at least two people on it most likely, so.\
\
24:57 - orlee berlove\
Yeah. And it'd be interesting. I mean, as I'm getting my head around this, right, there's the idea of ITAR, CPCSC, and USCMMC. So if you're a Canadian company, you likely have to meet, you know, working with US defense contractors, you probably have to meet at least one, if not two or three of those.\
\
25:19 - Dan Martel\
Yeah.\
\
25:21 - orlee berlove\
So I think that's kind of the angle that this is going in.\
\
25:28 - Dan Martel\
But cool, I can, like I said, that person from a line, I got those couple of times that they're available on the 20th. So I'll follow up with 38 North and see which of those times work best for them. And then I'll set up a meeting for for the four of us to touch base. If we find someone else in the meantime we want to loop in, cool. If not, then we find someone later, we want to squeeze them in, we can figure that out. But I think that'll be enough to us to kind of figure out a general game plan and direction for how we want to approach the session.\
\
25:58 - orlee berlove\
Yep, yep. I would love to find at least one or two more companies to talk to, though. Just because it's the best way to get educated, I find.\
\
26:08 - Dan Martel\
Yeah, absolutely. Yep.\
\
26:12 - orlee berlove\
Okay. Great. Um, thank you. Yeah.\
\
26:17 - Dan Martel\
And I just went and picked up the flyers from staples before this, and then now I have like an hour break or so. So I'm going to go get all the bootstrap shipped off San Diego. So we'll be all set there.\
\
26:30 - orlee berlove\
Alrighty. Talk to you soon.\
\
26:32 - Unidentified Speaker\
Cool. Yep. Sounds good. Bye.}