{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Account: J-Squared 2025-\
Call Date: 2025-08-06\
Duration: 00:40:23\
Participants: Corey Bryant\
\
======================================================================\
\
Phil Kellock - 0:00 - So \
\
Phil Kellock - 0:02 - Not too bad. How are you doing? \
\
Corey Bryant - 0:03 - I am good. I'm good. Thanks for joining here. \
\
Phil Kellock - 0:07 - No problem. Thanks for having me. \
\
Corey Bryant - 0:08 - Yeah, yeah. No, absolutely. Hey, good afternoon. Now. Phil, you're how based are you up in Canada, right? \
\
Phil Kellock - 0:13 - We are. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 0:14 - Wonderful. Wonderful. Well, hey, so thanks again for connecting. I I know you spoke. I think it was Maddie from my team, right, earlier this week. Yeah. And I guess you had downloaded some some recent CRM see white papers from our website and just wanted to see kind of, what prompted your interest really what you were hoping to get out of the meeting today and how I could help kind of walk through things for you. \
\
Phil Kellock - 0:39 - Yeah. Well, I mean CMC is definitely what what prompted the interest that's the big one. \
\
Corey Bryant - 0:45 - Sure. Yeah. \
\
Phil Kellock - 0:47 - We're working our way through that. And we have a lot to do to get there and just trying to just go in order of the flow. Really. So we did a few main things, but now I'm kind of at the point where let's focus on kind of how that UI gets to us, how we store it and how we can use it. And yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 1:10 - Yeah. That makes sense. Now, are you guys receiving UI today or is this more in preparation for future contracts? \
\
Phil Kellock - 1:18 - Mostly in preparation. I've been trying to meet with the leadership and some of the departments in the company and we kind of came to conclusion that. We don't think we have any UI right now. So we're kind of starting from scratch as far as I know. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. \
\
Corey Bryant - 1:34 - So just trying to get ahead of it as far as like when we do start receiving it. How are you gonna secure it? How are you gonna share it? How you going to store it? That type of thing? Yeah. Okay. No, absolutely. Now, as far as your environment today, are you guys on office 365 on the commercial side or what do you guys use? \
\
Phil Kellock - 1:52 - Right now we're currently on the google workspace on the commercial side. \
\
Corey Bryant - 1:55 - Okay. Google workspace. Got it. Yeah, absolutely. We do we the nice thing is we have integrations with both the google workspace environment as well as the as well as the Microsoft environment. So good news is you're on that. So we do have some integrations there to to make it a little bit easier for you. Do you know? roughly for I know you said you're kind of still working your way through a cms, but is this like a situation where just certain people are you thinking that would have access to C UI or like, what is that setup gonna be do you think? \
\
Phil Kellock - 2:30 - Yeah. That's just what I'm kind of mapping out now. So we I mean, just the quick back story is I'm new to the company. I've only been here a year and a half and it's a company that was previously managed by an MP. So we got rid of the MSP brought myself into kind of start an internal it team to put all these kind of things in place and work that way. So I started we had a whole bunch of projects we had to do just from a general IT perspective and also trying to work that in with cms. And now, I'm at the point where I'm trying to narrow down that scope to really focus on cms. So I had a broad approach of trying to do everything I could companywide cms wise. Sure. And then now now we're narrowing it down. So specific problem. Projects are kind of like this one where we're like, you know what we really probably only have 5 to 10 people dealing with the UI, at least initially. So let's narrow and focus on that. So something like this. Like the sending and receiving of the UI. Probably looking at 10 people tops right now. Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 3:40 - Yeah absolutely that makes sense yeah I mean the good news is whether it is 10 people or even larger you know with PreVeil a lot of our clients typically do is they'll build out an on for just the folks that would be handling UI so like in your case instead of everyone needing access to PreVeil we would just set it up for like let's say those 10 people that you know would be in your compliance boundary for cms and then those are the people that would get access to the PreVeil system and if you do use you know receive UI for working on UI need to house the UI they can do all of that in PreVeil you guys can continue using your google workspace environment and then we would just layer on PreVeil on top of that for those 10 users \
\
Phil Kellock - 4:25 - Yeah, that's perfect. Exactly kind of what we're looking at. \
\
Corey Bryant - 4:29 - Okay. Perfect. Now have you done any of the documentation yet as far as like, mapping out the those 110 security controls and showing how you meet all of them? Or is that kind of a process that you're getting started with as well? \
\
Phil Kellock - 4:44 - Oh that's been an ongoing work in progress for the last year and a half I've gone through that kind of nice checklist probably 5 or 6 times now and just updating it and checking it off and then re updating it because I you know it's one of those monstrosity s where I'll check it off and like yeah we're compliant but also I go back and like yeah but we're only compliant in one system but the CI actually touches like 4 so we're in in one out of 4 so I'm like this is so much bigger than I originally thought so documentation wise yeah I'm working through that but don't have any like policy documentation or any of that started yet \
\
Corey Bryant - 5:31 - Okay. Got it. Because I think that's an area that. We can help you with too. So in addition to our technology, which is the encrypted email and file sharing to handle the UI. We also have what's called our compliance accelerator, which gives you a lot of the policy documentation and a lot of it's already pre filled for you. And I think that might be a good kind of helpful learning management system to use because it's gonna walk you through everything that you're gonna you need to do, making sure that you're checking the boxes for each of them. We're gonna give you all the documentation to support you and it also gives you access to our compliance team too. So if you're running into any issues, if you need help with anything we can help you with that as well. I think that's kind of another area that you guys can benefit from too as you guys are looking to get into the CRM world. \
\
Phil Kellock - 6:22 - Yeah, definitely. I had that as a kind of a separate project. So if that okay. This covers covers 2 and 1 all the better. \
\
Corey Bryant - 6:31 - Yeah, yeah. No, absolutely. Yeah, I think most people when they come reach out to us, they think that we're just mainly the technology provider and that's what we're known for. But we've got this whole kind of compliance piece as well, which I think is huge for a lot of these small and midsized companies like yourself where you guys don't have the time the resources or the money to just go out and hire an outside consultant and pay $40 30 50,000. We've got this compliance accelerator package where we can give you a lot of that documentation, kind of help you along the way. So so yeah, let's maybe we can jump in and kind of talk through some of those areas that we can support you guys. \
\
Phil Kellock - 7:08 - With yeah, for sure. \
\
Corey Bryant - 7:10 - All right. \
\
Corey Bryant - 7:12 - So let me share my screen here. Let me know once you can see it. All right. \
\
Phil Kellock - 7:17 - Yeah. Good to go. All right. So \
\
Corey Bryant - 7:20 - And again, you probably know a lot of this already Philip since it sounds like you've been hyper focused on it for the last year and a half, but there's really 3 main steps that you're gonna need to go through for CMC compliance and it's really the 3 kind of pillars that PreVeil can help assist you guys to get you there. The first piece is the technology component, which is, hey, how are we gonna store process, share cy that we're gonna receive as part of future contracts. So with PreVeil, we've gotten encrypted end to end email and file storage and sharing solution that meets all of the CMC requirements. So it's gonna be fed ramp certified. It meets the default clauses that you'll see in in your future contracts. It's flips validated on the encryption. It's also ITAR compliant as well. If you guys ever handle it in the future along with UI, it's compliant to to be able to house that information within PreVeil as well. \
\
Phil Kellock - 8:17 - Yeah. It's good to know that's on my list of focus on cms, but also keeping it in mind too. So \
\
Corey Bryant - 8:24 - Okay. Wonderful. Yeah. And the great thing is you don't have to use different systems for that. So PreVeil can be that one stop shop of hey, if it's it doesn't matter. We can keep it all in PreVeil. Make it easy for you. The middle piece that you see there is what's called our compliance accelerator. I know I briefly touched on that, but it's basically like a turbo tax for cms. It's giving you step by step instructions, everything that you need to do. We're gonna give you a lot of the pre filled policy documentation, like a completely filled out sap and a lot of other documents as well. It also includes training videos. And again, it's just walking you through everything that you need to do to address those 110 security controls and also gives you access to our compliance team. So if you have questions you need help with anything, you can reach out to us or reach out to them directly and schedule those calls. The third piece, which is super beneficial to is our preferred partner network. So whenever you guys are ready to go through your actual cms assessment. We have a whole partner network of C 3 Pao that we can bring in and refer to you directly. The great thing about that is these are partners of ours that go through it all the time. Looking at PreVeil documentation, looking at the PreVeil technology. So oftentimes, they can get through fairly quickly. And then as a result, give our clients a good rate because of that \
\
Corey Bryant - 9:50 - So there is benefit from you guys to save some some cash when you do go through that assessment process. Okay. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 10:01 - Any any questions just like initially on that and kind of where PreVeil fits in as part of your your cms journey? \
\
Phil Kellock - 10:10 - No. So far, so good. I think \
\
Corey Bryant - 10:12 - Okay. Perfect. So what I'd like to do is I want to pull down this screen here and then we can just jump in and kind of talk through some of the capabilities of the system. So so can you see my screen here now? \
\
Corey Bryant - 10:28 - And it should be the email on both sides. Okay. The way that it works is especially with the email. There's a couple of ways that you can access the PreVeil environment. We've got the encrypted email in the browser here. We also have a plugin directly with the google workspace. So again, if you're using gmail or even if you guys ever in the future migrate over to another system, like office 360 five, we have integrations or plugins with both of them. So most of our clients, especially ones that are using google or they use Microsoft, they like to leverage our plugin because it doesn't disrupt what they're currently doing today. So they would have their normal commercial email like you see here. And then right below that, you can actually set up your secure encrypted email right below that. So what we do is we use your same email so you don't have to create a new whole new email address. We're just setting up a separate kind of, section where now all of these messages are gonna be in an encrypted through our AWS gov cloud within PreVeil versus going normally through your google environment. So if I ever need to send out an email that has UI, I can do it right here. You can see it's encrypted. I can share that email with whoever I need to labeled a UI if it's not already. And then I can attach any drawings or files directly here and then send it out to whoever I need to. \
\
Phil Kellock - 11:58 - Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 12:01 - So again, it meets all of those compliance requirements that you guys will have or how to process store handle UI. And again, the same would work for it as well. If you need to send out ITAR dealing with it, you can do it right within here too. And again, it's nice it just layers right on top of your normal email. And the only difference is that it's being transmitted stored processed all through our AWS gov cloud versus your normal commercial side. \
\
Phil Kellock - 12:29 - Okay. Yeah. And I mean, I assume coming as our company email address. \
\
Corey Bryant - 12:36 - Correct. It would still be your company email address. Yep. So yeah, we won't have to create a new whole company domain or email address for you would still use your normal email. We would just set up that separate inbox for you and your team. \
\
Corey Bryant - 12:51 - Okay. Think about it. Those 10 people potentially. They would now have access to the secure encrypted environment. Everyone else would just have their normal email. They wouldn't know that this exists, but for those 10 people, they'll now have this as part of their gmail environment. \
\
Phil Kellock - 13:08 - Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 13:12 - We do have the emails. You can see they're in the browser. So if you do want to keep it separate, you can. So again, still using your same normal commercial email. The only difference is that everything in here is gonna be encrypted end to end. So I can go in I can send out an email if I need to share it internally or whoever I need to. I can do it right in here and then I can send it out to that person and then I can attach a photo or a document right here. And again, the same same process, the only difference is that I'm doing it through the browser versus doing it through the gmail plugin. \
\
Phil Kellock - 13:48 - Okay. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 13:52 - So \
\
Corey Bryant - 13:54 - Any questions on on that as far as how the email setup? \
\
Phil Kellock - 13:58 - No. I think that's pretty straightforward. Probably more interested in the file sharing side of things. One things we I don't think we really want to \
\
Phil Kellock - 14:10 - Use e mail too much with this. I think we're looking more more for the file sharing side or maybe any any web portals or upload portals that that might come with that. \
\
Corey Bryant - 14:22 - Yeah, absolutely. So we've got a drive component here. So you can see I can set up. This is very similar to one drive or like a google drive. As an example. You can set it up to be very similar to that as far as how you want your file folder structure. So instead of everything living in google, which is not compliant with CMC we would just take all of that or when you do start receiving it and UI. You're just going to store it all in PreVeil right here. So you'd be able to have folders files built out with all that information. Depending on the user, what level of access they have would determine what set the documents that they can see if it's just I if it also includes ITAR, whatever projects they're working on. So they're only gonna see whatever the review shows them. So I can go in and I can access files, documents diagrams. Drawings, I can even make edits or changes to them in here as well. If I go into a folder, I can actually share. It out with people that I need to. So I can go in and say, hey I want to invite you myself to join or if I want to invite someone else, I can do that. So any of those 10 users that currently have PreVeil license, they'll already be set up to receive it if you guys ever are working with third parties. \
\
Corey Bryant - 15:42 - So like, if you have a government contract that maybe you're sharing cur with some other sub, you can actually invite them to join as well. And they can create free PreVeil accounts and be able to access that information that you're sharing. So you still own all the data is still end in encrypted, but now you're able to go out and share it with those third parties that you guys may be working with. \
\
Phil Kellock - 16:04 - Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 16:06 - And then you can set up permission settings as well. So people can have the ability to edit it, make changes or maybe they can only download it. Or even you can just set it up as like, view only where they can just see the document, they but they can't do anything with it. \
\
Phil Kellock - 16:21 - So set that up and then \
\
Corey Bryant - 16:23 - You can have that information expire after a period of time and then pull back that data. Maybe if you guys are done working on a project or on a RFP you can pull back that data once you're done. \
\
Phil Kellock - 16:39 - Okay. That's good. Now, what about other users? the third parties uploading data to us? Because I think that's probably gonna be the for us the bigger use case. These government agencies sending us the documents. \
\
Corey Bryant - 16:58 - Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 17:00 - Yeah. So now, would it be sending it out to you through PreVeil or are you saying if they send it to you through another portal as an example? \
\
Phil Kellock - 17:09 - Yeah. The I mean, this the solution we are kind of looking for like, I'll use Kiteworks as an example where we have on on their setup. We would have like a web portal where they go to and can upload upload the files. We need \
\
Corey Bryant - 17:24 - Yeah. Same same thing goes with here. We've got an express portal here for those third parties. They would just log in here and then they would be able to upload whatever documents that they want to share with you. \
\
Corey Bryant - 17:34 - So any third parties that you're working with, they can log in here. \
\
Corey Bryant - 17:38 - They can type in the code. So we do offer the multi factor authentication, which is a requirement and then they can upload whatever files UI or whatever directly here. And then they can share it back with you. So, again, allows your third parties to create those free accounts and then you can share to and from with them. \
\
Phil Kellock - 17:58 - Okay. Perfect. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 18:01 - So yeah. That's one of the nice things is you guys only have to pay for your internal users. So like your 10 people and in any third parties that you want to share with, it's completely free to them. \
\
Phil Kellock - 18:12 - Okay. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Because that's that seems to be the way we want to go just the less email and more more of the upload side. I think just to \
\
Phil Kellock - 18:24 - Keep things more in order. \
\
Corey Bryant - 18:27 - Yeah. Absolutely. It could be one o those things where you guys just focus primarily on drive and then if you ever need email for some reason if you need to send emails out to a third party or if you're sending an email out to a prime or government agency that you're working with, you do have the ability to do that and it's fully secure. It meets all the requirements or if they even need to email you can help you can have that available as well. But yeah, I mean, you could focus mainly just on the drive for now and then that third party sharing. \
\
Phil Kellock - 18:57 - Yeah. Knowing the e mails super handy because as much as I'm kind of laser focused on the cms and the number of users for that and stuff now, we do have file sharing needs outside of cms too. So kind of one of the things I'm also looking at with this is trying to be secure in cms, but also would be nice to have a solution that we can also just use for day to day file sharing and not have that sprawl of while we use this tool for cms and this tool for regular sales sharing files and stuff and kind of combine them into one would be just perfect. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 19:36 - It's a good point and a lot of our clients actually take that approach. It really just depends on like, hey, do you want to keep that compliance boundary small? And do you want to minimize your cost if you're already doing something else today? Or do you want to just move everyone over and make it easy? That way, everyone is on the same system. It doesn't matter if it's C UI for cms or if it's just your normal day to day file sharing that you want to keep secure. Yeah I had a company I worked with last week. They have 100 employees and initially they were like we're gonna move 10 people over because that's our UI boundary. And then they were like, well, wait a second. Why don't we just use this for our whole file server for all 100 people and we were like, yeah, I mean, you can absolutely do that and that's what they did. So now they don't have to worry about all these different ways that people can upload files and share them. They just do it all in preVeil, whether it's cms related or not. So it's just easier for them to manage it that way. \
\
Phil Kellock - 20:28 - Yeah. Kind of sounds like us. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. \
\
Corey Bryant - 20:32 - And so \
\
Corey Bryant - 20:35 - One of those things where you guys say, hey, maybe we just start with the UI users and then we slowly migrate everyone else over or maybe you just want to do it all at the same time. It's really up to you, but just know that it's a common use case. It's not just people using it for c._i it's using it for a full file server as well. \
\
Phil Kellock - 20:53 - Yeah. Perfect. Yes. \
\
Corey Bryant - 20:56 - And then on the admin side, what's what's what's nice is you can easily control who has access. So like, for example, your 10 users, you can build them out here, give them access to the PreVeil system and the different folders, especially if they're part of the CMC or C UI boundary. And then you could potentially have the other people in here as well. And then you can decide who gets access to what you can limit it on certain devices as well. As an admin, you can kind of control who gets access to what data in the system. \
\
Phil Kellock - 21:26 - Yeah, that was kind of what I was vision ing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 21:29 - And then we even have like a true trusted community that you can set up as well where it's like, hey, if we're working with UI or it data, we can only share it out with these third parties because we know they are approved vendors or suppliers that we're working with or maybe the prime or the government agency. So you can set it up or you can actually restrict who people can share it with outside of your company as well. It's a white listing feature. \
\
Phil Kellock - 21:55 - Okay. Perfect. \
\
Corey Bryant - 21:57 - So and then from a logging standpoint, which is obviously critical for cms, for the security controls, we do capture all the activity logs within PreVeil and then you're able to export that out. We have a sim connector or we can decrepit out of our system, take those logs and throw it into whatever Sam or see that you guys are using as well. We can automate that process for you from a logging standpoint. \
\
Phil Kellock - 22:25 - That's good. Yeah, that's a big one. \
\
Corey Bryant - 22:28 - You guys do you guys have one that a similar scene that you guys use today? \
\
Phil Kellock - 22:31 - Yeah. We use crowd strike right now. Okay. Perfect. For their next sensing. \
\
Corey Bryant - 22:37 - Yeah. Yeah, that would be simple. So you can add this. So for those 10 people for the UI boundary, we can gather all the the logs for you and then have it as an automated fee that drops right into crowd strike. If that's where you want all the data going to \
\
Phil Kellock - 22:54 - Awesome. \
\
Corey Bryant - 22:54 - Yeah. So make it simple. \
\
Corey Bryant - 22:58 - But yeah. I mean, that's mainly it from the technology side. Again, you're gonna have the drive. You'll have the email component whenever you need it. Again, especially if it's non UI cms related. But again, pretty straightforward. And again, it can operate right on your google workspace environment. So you guys don't have to change that environment. You can just layer PreVeil on top of that and use it as your compliance boundary. \
\
Phil Kellock - 23:20 - Okay. Awesome. Yeah, that's one thing. \
\
Phil Kellock - 23:23 - The file transfer side of it is kind of the main thing. I still need to figure out kind of how the users will use that UI. Tough and I don't even know what the UIs, but \
\
Phil Kellock - 23:35 - Yeah. So, but yeah, that's good to know. For sure. \
\
Corey Bryant - 23:38 - Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. I think once you get in and once once you start receiving the UI, you'll have a better idea as far as what that workflow is gonna look like for you guys. But I think yeah you'll be able to set it up in anticipation for that UI so that when you guys are bidding on contracts or do ultimately when a contract, you can say yeah, yeah. We have a compliant way we can handle cut and ITAR. We've already got our environment set up to be able to to deal with that. And then from there you can decide how you want that workflow to be. And then whether or not you want to incorporate e mail at all at some point. \
\
Phil Kellock - 24:11 - Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. \
\
Corey Bryant - 24:13 - A couple of just quick things on the drive component. We do give you 10 terabytes of storage out of the box. So usually plenty, you guys can purchase more if you need it, but 10 terabytes amongst your organization that you guys can use. We do keep a log of all updates that are in changes that are made to any documents. So if you go in make an update, we do keep previous versions in the system as well. If you ever need to go back revert to it or download a previous document, you do have the ability to do that as well. I can go in here, I can see all right. There was an update that was made on the ninth. If I want to download or revert back to the previous one, I can do that. So there are some of that built into the system too. \
\
Phil Kellock - 24:56 - Okay. Yeah, that's good. Because that was that's one thing I haven't been thinking about till recently was kind of the backups of files on these systems and \
\
Phil Kellock - 25:08 - It's like, yeah, okay. They're good there. But if we have to back them up somewhere, then that needs to be that's why it too. So \
\
Corey Bryant - 25:15 - Yeah. \
\
Phil Kellock - 25:16 - If it's built in that's handy. \
\
Corey Bryant - 25:18 - Yeah, it is. So basically, we deploy the AWS gov cloud for fed ramp high encrypted data storage. What we do is we have multiple server locations. We have AWS east here in in Ohio. And then AWS West out and I think it's like Oregon and we do 30 days of cold backups that we keep in AWS. And we can roll back at any point during that 30 day period as well. You guys don't have to worry about backups. We'll take care of that. All of that on our side for you. Perfect. And then at the device level we just do like, as far as our authentication, you would just install it on device, there's a whole user and device key. We actually use a crypto graphic key at the device level. There's a lot of security built in and we have a full kind of 0 trust policy as far as how that's set up. \
\
Phil Kellock - 26:06 - Okay. Awesome. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 26:09 - So yeah. Any any other questions as far as the tech piece before we jump over to more of the compliance documentation side? \
\
Phil Kellock - 26:17 - No. I think that's all pretty straightforward. Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 26:20 - So the other component here and this is more of I would say the more challenging part. And I'm sure you've realized just over the last year and a half. And that's how do we get all of our documentation and set up our environment to meet all 110 of those new security controls to handle UI to to be CC compliant. So as part of our offering, we have what's called our compliance accelerator. And what it does is it's gonna give you step by step instructions, everything that you need to do from a compliance standpoint to meet those security controls. We're gonna tell you exactly the security controls out of the Box that we're gonna meet for you just by deploying PreVeil. And then we're also gonna show you the ones that are gonna be a shared responsibility. So there's a component that we offer or provide and then there's an area that we're gonna rely on you to accomplish as well. And then there's a few security controls like locks on doors and are you training your employees, things that we don't have control over? that you'll need to make sure that you do on your side as well, which I'm sure you're already doing or at least you're aware of. \
\
Phil Kellock - 27:23 - Yeah. It's gonna walk you \
\
Corey Bryant - 27:26 - Through step by step instructions, everything that you're gonna need to do. We're gonna give you a lot of the pre filled documentation like sap. So all of that in here as well. It also gives you like, training, it gives you videos. So there's a whole section on documentation here. So you can see there's a video walk you through everything you need to do. Here's some training and resources. And then we give you all the pre filled documentation in here that you can use as well. I know you said you haven't kind of you haven't really started the policy documentation. You can literally take all the pre filled documentation that we've built out and just amend it to fit your environment and you can use a good chunk of it. That way you're not having to create all of it on your own. \
\
Phil Kellock - 28:09 - Kind of exactly what I'm looking for. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. \
\
Corey Bryant - 28:12 - And that's the big part. I mean, as you know, that's the tough part. The technology is the easy part. I mean, we can get that deployed for you right away. This is something that's ultimately taking you a lot of time. So we're trying to make that process as simple as possible for you. \
\
Phil Kellock - 28:25 - Yeah. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 28:26 - So so yeah, you'll have access to all of that. It's nice. I've got an example here. We have a fully filled out CSP. So we created this fake company called Acme. I think it was like a 50% 50 or 100 person company and 10 people are on their compliance boundary. So it maps out their environment, it maps out their compliance boundary of those 10 users. Sets up like a whole network diagram with everything. So it's got everything built out in here. You can literally just take this and apply it to your company. Awesome. Yeah, yeah. It's really nice. It's got all that built out for you. \
\
Corey Bryant - 29:02 - Yeah. That's an example of one of the documents that you get access to \
\
Phil Kellock - 29:06 - Cool. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 29:08 - So and again, you also have access to our compliance team. So if you guys have questions, if you need help, if you're stuck on something, you can just go in here and then you can schedule a call directly with our compliance group and they can help you with whatever you're stuck on. \
\
Phil Kellock - 29:22 - Okay. Yeah, I like that too. It's one of the issues I've been finding with this thing is just information in general is hard to hard to come by without without talking to a salesperson and all the magic being solutions that are out there. \
\
Corey Bryant - 29:39 - Yeah. And then even when they do talk to someone you have to pay for the documentation. And then when you get it's like there's nothing to it's like, you have to figure it all out on your own and then you have to pay for someone else to kind of consult you through it. So by the end of it, like you're paying again, $40 30 50,000 and you're still having to do a bunch of work on your side. So this is a way to minimize a lot of those costs for you. \
\
Corey Bryant - 30:04 - But yeah. I mean, this is what I'd recommend you can include it as part of the first year license. So this would help you guys get to that point that you're addressing those cms or those is security controls. And then whenever you guys are ready for your assessment, we'll bring in a partner and then we can refer them to you to actually do the assessment once you're ready. \
\
Corey Bryant - 30:26 - Yeah. \
\
Phil Kellock - 30:26 - Awesome. \
\
Phil Kellock - 30:29 - Any any questions? \
\
Corey Bryant - 30:30 - On that Phil as far as the compliance side. \
\
Phil Kellock - 30:34 - Now they get covered. It pretty well. Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 30:40 - Let me do this. Let me go ahead. I'll pull up just to give you an idea of pricing, since I'm sure that's something you're curious about. Let me just show you a quick example of what you're looking at from a cost standpoint. \
\
Corey Bryant - 30:54 - All right. Let me pull this up here. \
\
Corey Bryant - 31:00 - All right. \
\
Corey Bryant - 31:07 - All right. Can you see my screen? \
\
Phil Kellock - 31:09 - So I can yeah. All right. Perfect. \
\
Corey Bryant - 31:11 - So this is an example of what essentially would be a quote for your organization. So take into account that you've got 10 potential users in your UI boundary. So it's $36 per month. Per user comes out to just about 4,300 for the 10 user license. We do require admins. So generally, you want to have at least two, because again, we don't own any client data. So it's nice to have a backup admin or just a second admin in general. 74 80 for the year. The sim connector is gonna automate all your logs. So again, whether you have 10 people or you eventually have more doesn't matter. It's gonna automate all the logs, all the activities and it's gonna drop it right into your crowd strike system. Just automate that process for you. We do have a one time setup cost for that. It's just $200 that will fall off after the first year. The big piece here is the compliance accelerator. And that's all that pre filled, documentation, the access to our compliance team, the videos, the training, all of that. You'll have that for the first year it's 3,600 and then we have a one time on boarding service package. It's 5 50 and again, that will fall off after the first year as well. So all in, you're looking at around 10,000 for those 10 users with those additional add ons as well. \
\
Phil Kellock - 32:31 - Okay. Onboarding, five, 50 \
\
Corey Bryant - 32:34 - And I'll send you this quote by the way, too. \
\
Phil Kellock - 32:36 - Oh, okay. Perfect. \
\
Corey Bryant - 32:38 - Yeah, you don't I'll say you don't take notes. I'll make sure. \
\
Corey Bryant - 32:42 - But yeah. \
\
Phil Kellock - 32:46 - All right. Now, I mean, I would go with it, but just because I know I'll be asked the compliance accelerator, is that optional? Or is that is that kind of baked into it? So the compliance? \
\
Corey Bryant - 32:58 - Accelerator is it is optional. If you say, hey we want to start without it, we could still do this license without that. If you have at least 10 users and something like the sim connector, then that's fine. We can still do a 10. We can still do a one year license without the compliance accelerator here. Now, if you had less than 10 users, then we would have to do a multi multi year subscription. But if you're doing 10 users with some connector, you can take this out if you'd like. \
\
Phil Kellock - 33:28 - Okay. Perfect. Like I said, I don't want to but I know I'll be asked so. Good to have that answer. \
\
Corey Bryant - 33:35 - Yeah. I always recommend it especially for companies that are starting the cms process. They don't have a lot of policy documentation, like 3,600. Yes, it is a substantial cost. It's still much cheaper than if you were to try to go out and do it on your own or hire someone else. And that just helps expedite that process. And I always tell people, hey, get it for the first year. If you get certified, you get a good score. You're not covered for 3 years. You don't have to renew this at that point. You can renew it whenever you're ready. Again. Now, we advise people to still keep it because obviously this security controls things change all the time, but you can have this fall off after the first year and just renew it when you're ready. But we always highly recommend for most companies to have that unless they've already done all their documentation. \
\
Phil Kellock - 34:22 - Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. \
\
Phil Kellock - 34:28 - All right. Yeah. I think that kind of covered. Everything I was looking to get the pricing is a big one. So, yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 34:35 - Absolutely. Now, how does the pricing like, fit in? I don't even know if you were like, expecting a certain price, but I mean, is this higher lower about what you expected? what are you thinking as far as pricing? \
\
Phil Kellock - 34:49 - I mean, to be honest so far, so good looks looks significantly lower than. I mean, the only one I've really met with so far is Kiteworks and they were quite a bit more. So that was nice to see that they were not the low end of the scale. So yeah. Definitely. Definitely competitive here, which is nice. \
\
Corey Bryant - 35:14 - Yeah, yeah. No, absolutely. Yeah. I mean and the big thing is with PreVeil, unlike some of the other solutions, like Kiteworks and some of the others I mean, PreVeil is a proven solution. We have several dozen companies that have used. I used PreVeil documentation used our technology to get perfect 1 10 scores on their third party assessments. And the other big thing is I know with Kiteworks, I know with GCC High, I know some of these others you do have to pay for a third party users. So for you guys, you don't have to worry about that. Once you purchase your 10 users here, you're set any of those third parties. You don't have to pay for. You would have to pay for it in another system like that. So just a couple of things to to think about as well, even though PreVeil is less expensive. There's some additional considerations that you'll have to take into account with a system like Kiteworks. \
\
Phil Kellock - 36:10 - Oh, yeah. Yeah, for sure. And then I mean it's even even less if you take out the compliance accelerator. So even having that and having that in and it's still being less as a kind of a bonus really. So \
\
Corey Bryant - 36:23 - Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And as far as implementation, it's really simple on our side to get you guys started. So let's say you guys are ready at. Let's say today as an example, our team would reach out the next day. We would schedule the implementation call. It's a very quick turnaround. So we would sit down with you Phil. We would set up an hour onboarding, get you trained as an admin. Get you set up identify your users and then those users would get an email to install PreVeil on their devices and they can all get set up essentially the same day. It's a really quick turnaround as far as getting that technology in place. And then you'd get immediate access to the compliance accelerator to be able to start working on your policy documentation tool. So \
\
Phil Kellock - 37:11 - You guys? \
\
Phil Kellock - 37:13 - Yeah. It's good to know. Yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 37:15 - Now, as far as timing, do you guys know like, when you're looking to try to get something in place by \
\
Phil Kellock - 37:21 - Honestly, yeah. Probably as soon as possible. So I'm just going through the process over these next couple of weeks of seeing all these different options and what's out there and then go through the notes. Put the put my recommendations together, present the options to the leadership, see what they come back with if they tell me to, you know \
\
Phil Kellock - 37:43 - Not a chance. Go do this on my own or yeah, we can spend the money and do do some of these that will be good. But I think we're I mean, this is something we need to do. So I think we'll be in pretty pretty good shape with this one, for sure. Okay. \
\
Corey Bryant - 37:57 - Yeah. No, absolutely. And what I'll do to kind of help with your internal process is I'll send over a quote here so you can see exactly what you guys are looking at from a cost standpoint. I'll send you some marketing literature as well. So just high level, hey, these are the areas that we can help you from from a cms standpoint. And then I'll just send over some case studies too. So if you want to take a look at clients that have not only use PreVeil, but gotten 1 10 scores using the whole system and our technology and documentation I'll share that with you as well. You'll have some of that you can present to your leadership team. \
\
Phil Kellock - 38:31 - Yeah, yeah. That'd be perfect. And anything you have kind of documentation wise or marketing wise on that compliance? Accelerator would be super handy too, because that'll be a big one to to be able to show them. \
\
Corey Bryant - 38:44 - Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, I've got a couple of like, one page documents. One is just like an overview of PreVeil. And then another one is I'll send you the actual compliance accelerator one that goes into more detail on that. So I'll send those over and then I'll send over the quote and other information as well. \
\
Phil Kellock - 39:01 - Awesome. That's great. Perfect. \
\
Corey Bryant - 39:04 - So yeah, I'll get that over and I know you said in the next couple of weeks, you're hoping to to finish up your evaluation, did you want to put something on the calendar to catch up or what do you recommend as far as a next step? \
\
Phil Kellock - 39:16 - Yeah. I don't have really a set time. It will be within the next couple of weeks for sure that I'll have an idea. So if you're good with me just reaching out to you sometime next week just with an email, just to kind of let you know what's going on and then I'll have a better idea then when we might be able to schedule a time. \
\
Corey Bryant - 39:38 - Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah, why don't you just make a note touch base with me like sometime next week? I'll look out for that. Once you have an update, we can set up some time and talk through next steps from there that way. Yeah, kind of timing is up in the air right now for you. We can just play it by year and I'll just look out for your email. \
\
Phil Kellock - 39:54 - Yeah, that's perfect. And I'm not trying to dodge it or anything. I just don't want to put something in the calendar and then have to be that guy that moves it 3 times. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. \
\
Corey Bryant - 40:02 - I'm the same exact way. So once you said like no set time yet, I'm like, let's just not throw it on the calendar. Let's just play it by year. That way we're not like having to reschedule the same meeting several times. So \
\
Phil Kellock - 40:11 - Yeah. Perfect. \
\
Corey Bryant - 40:13 - Perfect. No, that sounds good. Phil. I'll send that all over to you by the end of today. Give me a shout if you have any questions. Otherwise we'll just catch up next week and we'll go from there. \
\
Phil Kellock - 40:21 - Sounds good. Thanks a lot for this. \
\
Phil Kellock - 40:25 - Bye. Bye. \
\
}