{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Company: Telesat\
Speaking: Dwayne Chrona & Erik Servinsky\
Time: 25 minutes 13 seconds\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
Erik Servinsky - 0:00 - So \
\
Erik Servinsky - 0:02 - You're on mute though. Sorry? \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 0:05 - There we go. Can you \
\
Erik Servinsky - 0:05 - Hear me now. Yeah, I got \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 0:06 - You all right. Sorry, to set up an audio profile. We don't hey, we Dwayne how zoom are you doing? So I think it's all fixed. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 0:12 - Oh, yeah. Sorry, I know it's always like the teams versus zoom. So \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 0:18 - Yeah, yeah. But no, no, we're all good. Nice to meet you. Eric. Thanks for taking some time here. Yeah. Maybe we bit of background we've been um \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 0:31 - Telesat here in auto Ontario and Canada. And we've been operating satellite tiers for about 55 years or the first one we launched in 19 72. Wow, there's a obviously a security component to operating stationary satellites. And we have a brand new program, the light program where we're gonna be launching to start about maybe about 156 out of it and a lower orbit constellation the enterprise customers that we're targeting our government customers that obviously require higher level of security. And so far when we communicate with probably some of your customers who use the PreVeil service like is that and Jeff and saw that we're they've been communicating with us and open up a portal for us to share. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 1:38 - Information securely. But we also have are now we're in a position where we're sharing information with our own national security agency, the Canadian security establishment. Yep. So so recently, their question came to me how do you guys handle your secure communications data transfers or emails or things like that's contains sensitive information. And I said, well, we have a service, but it's actually we're not the host of that service. It's our subcontractors or a host of that service. So yeah, I asked internally about hey. Do we have a service or what's in place? And we're back to kind of know we've always been our subcontractors have always sort of provided that capability. But I I think that we're probably in a position where we need to not maybe not the entire company, but certainly the subset of people need to have access to the server. So I reached out and I wanted to sort of get a sense of the what the cost is per user and what that looks like. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 2:46 - Yeah. Absolutely. So and it is it's an interesting situation because \
\
Erik Servinsky - 2:51 - You can leverage us with your clients through that secure portal the way you're doing it today. But part of the requirement to says I have my own instance, I can manage logs and understand what's going on. So oftentimes, yes, you kind of need your own instance with PreVeil. Obviously the it will be seamless with the PreVeil users, but then we'll give you your own portal. If you ever have up to share externally with other partners or subcontractors, yeah. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 3:23 - And yeah, in this case here where the people asking us what if any secure service that we do use for communications and data transfer they're not offering us access to theirs. They're just saying what do you use and yeah. We you know, they \
\
Erik Servinsky - 3:41 - Would and you're gonna need to meet the actual requirements for either now, are you doing just Canadian type government work or is it also anything with the do here in the us? No. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 3:51 - It's certainly with the \
\
Erik Servinsky - 3:54 - Okay. We have to meet cms requirements anyway. Yeah. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 3:57 - Yeah, yeah. We've got a you know, we're working towards working with the SA. I'm getting the cms 12 compliance for the whole program. To that end using a certified encrypt or on the satellites and on the ground to communicate with the satellites and and then getting that process set up getting all the communication and documentation between all the stakeholders. It needs to be safe guarded. So and again, we've been lucky enough to have our subcontractors own those services and then just give us access to a sure send us stuff through their portal. But but for the stakeholders that don't have a service or an art or won't share the service with us, we need to be able to initiate that as well. Um we'll see and support. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 4:50 - Well, just for context to what is the current environment that you I mean, are you guys like a Microsoft infrastructure today? Is it are you on prem exchange? \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 5:01 - Yeah. And it's everything is here. We host everything here on prem at our headquarters in auto some services that we provide to customers or yeah, or our containerized cloud systems that are hosted elsewhere. But in terms of our own infrastructure. Yeah, we own and host all that stuff ourselves. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 5:26 - Okay. No, that helps understand. So the way to think about PreVeil in here, I'll go ahead and share screen, just so you have something \
\
Erik Servinsky - 5:34 - PreVeil. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 5:37 - We offer a solution to get companies to CMC compliance meet the Canadian. Now, I'm forgetting the acronym, but the CC, whatever. Yeah. And the idea and the main point of this is that. They want you to protect controlled on classified information or potentially it information. Yeah. And the idea is that sometimes these commercial environment simply don't attest to it. So PreVeil acts like a secure safe and we can bolt on top of your current on prem infrastructure and you're just carving out to say, if I ever do need to externally share, I'm doing it through this PreVeil pipe in a sense. And if I ever need to email it or store it, that's a way to do it. Okay. That's I mean, honestly, PreVeil they call it an on cave out there, but we're just a digital safe to protect this type of information. And I agree I think you said earlier, it's not gonna be your whole company. It's just a subset of them that even have to externally share. And that's all that the that you just get the number of licenses for whoever needs. To share externally, right? \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 6:50 - Yeah. Maybe I should have probably said something. In terms of an introduction more at the beginning. I'm the manager for the the lightspeed or our new consultation solid operation center. I'll have a team of 50 or 55 people that will will be operating operating space. And we do have like our cyber section and you know, company security officer and that office as well. Probably really should be someone else that's reaching out for this. But I'm dealing directly with the people at the Canadian security agency. So they're just asking me for information what we use. And I ask internally, we don't have anything and anybody \
\
Erik Servinsky - 7:40 - It sounds like you're being a little proactive. I need something now. Are they? \
\
Erik Servinsky - 7:47 - I mean, that's good. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 7:49 - To go back to those guys and go, hey, listen, I talked to a few places that offer this service. Some of our maybe highest more sensitive subcontractors use this service I'm coming to PreVeil first and talking about what what this might what from a high level, what implementation look like. And then what what a cost would look like and then just say I've already done a bit of homework on this you know \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 8:23 - Can we look at seriously look at getting the service in the Telesat? Because yeah, it's something that our security agency here in Canada is insisting that is something that we have to need that we're gonna need in in areas where we don't already have access to that. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 8:39 - You will need. I mean, that will be part of the requirement when you get assessed. That's a question, right? I think the government this form is just being proactive is saying how are you doing it? You can't go back and say I don't have anything, right? That's what you've attested to in your contract, is that you do have something. So but simply put like, we are just a tool that that's how you could sell is like, hey guys, this is a compliant environment that I can use for sharing this information and we can check the box on this question. For the end user, it might I think you have or there's a couple of people at the company that actually have the free accounts. When you're a paid subscriber, it looks a little differently. And we have other integrations where you'll still have this window on the right, which I think is what you would be familiar with where you can kind of \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 9:33 - Exactly what I'm seeing now. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 9:35 - Yep. You can access all your files right here and drive, but if you use outlook though today, right, for mail? Yes. Yeah. We do have an integration into outlook. It's pretty slick because I'm gonna keep my normal email. Nothing changes, but I just give you this encrypted PreVeil inbox, that sits right underneath of it. But it's nice because I get all the outlook functionality and it's just a button and anytime like your customers or if you need to share it and it's gonna be cy or other. We can either do any number of different naming conventions, but it's just gonna turn on PreVeil automatically for the enduser. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 10:14 - Okay. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 10:15 - Right. But yeah. The idea is I share something out and you've already seen that recipient experience where they're gonna go through that secure portal right? Now, the other thing that we give you though is a drop like a repository because email is not always the best way to share. Certainly larger files. For sure. We could do this all in our browser where you have your drive folders, but we do have a local functionality sync into windows explore. And you could kind of just grab grab folders you hit share. But you would select different permissions of that data. You of course invite the people to have access to it. You could always expire or revoke content, but again, this is just a glorified Dropbox. It just we need the CMC compliance requirements. And that's how you can have a select number of people have access to this to be able to get it out externally. Okay. Are you I mean, scope for that. I mean, I know you're saying is subset, do you have a general idea how many people need it? \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 11:25 - Probably at least half of those. If I'm just like, going to my head in terms of \
\
Erik Servinsky - 11:33 - People that yeah. Like today \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 11:35 - Today. Like we're in the process of procuring a bunch of encrypted from bias in San Diego. And yeah, there's user manual. There's documentation interface, control documents and things like that have to go back and forth. So we're lucky that they already use the service so they give us an account. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 11:56 - And then, I think the difference is you need to have your logs and understand when you're processing the sensitive information and you need just the paid version to be able to have all that. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 12:07 - Yeah, yeah. Because obviously there's you when you know, obviously when you're transmitting it or in Canada, the CPU materials, you have to make a record of it. Yeah, housekeeping on with that. So if this is the this thing is the tool that can do that housekeeping and record keeping then. Yeah, we can get away from our antiquated Microsoft excel spreadsheet, yeah. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 12:34 - Well, to this point what it sounds like you need to go to your internal team and say, this is gonna be a requirement for me for this, for the work I'm doing. There might be other people that need to take a look at this and vet it. But let me I mean, let me know what our next step should be. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 12:52 - Yeah. Um \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 12:55 - I well, you said something right up front which sort of caught my ear because we're waiting for the day. When the our the national security. Organization in Canada will initiate an audit to audit everything from our comsat room to security and secure access to a physical like physical security part. Yeah. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 13:17 - Of course. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 13:19 - Document security part and where stuff is physically stored and who can access it. But yeah, this the fact that they would ask a question well, how do you communicate this sensitive information to other other organizations such as themselves? we have to we do have to send some documents to them. And then they're I'm sure they have a obviously they have a secure way of sending documentation to, but maybe we're not allowed to have access to that they're expecting us to have a service. But the fact that there's a question on potentially on an audit that how do you transfer this information or sensitive information that yeah. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 13:55 - And I to me \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 13:56 - Throwing my hands up going. Well, I don't know or we don't have one. That's a bat. We're gonna get a bad. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 14:01 - I think you're at a small gap right now. It's just and if it's 6 people, whatever then gets 6 licenses of PreVeil and it addresses the gap. This isn't overly complicated. Yeah. Okay. So \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 14:13 - Okay. So go ahead. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 14:16 - No. I was just I mean, I feel like again, you're kind of the business side of it saying I need something, but there's probably a tech side or compliance side to say approving this or I don't know. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 14:29 - Yeah. I mean, I'm yeah, I'm not first of all any organization have to justify why we're spending money. And I think I have I've always know we've got a good justification or a good reason to invest in something. So and for me, it's pretty simple that we have to safeguard the information that we're transmitting to other other organizations. And this is a tool to do it. And then then it's just a matter of and the best part is it's not going to come out of my budget because it's effectively part of the sort of like network infrastructure. Yeah, I could sort of put it in there. And then but yeah, I'd love to be able to go to those guys and say here's a tool. If we got half a dozen licenses, this is the kind of a cost it is to implement it and then the cost to use it on an annual basis. And I think that would be really helpful to go to them. And you know, and then yeah. And it integrates well, with the with obviously the tools that we're already using, the companies in the progress right now of migrating to office 365 on windows 11. So so assuming that the little example you showed is yeah. I \
\
Erik Servinsky - 15:41 - Work in 11. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 15:42 - Yeah. Yeah then \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 15:46 - Then we have everything that we need and then we could just let them mull over. Decide if this is the one that we want to go with and again, there's exploring all the options that I have available to me. But you're the first person I'm talking to about about this kind of service for \
\
Erik Servinsky - 16:04 - Us. So it certainly makes it easy if some of your subs and partners are already using pre, right? Exactly. So there's \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 16:11 - Exactly. There's familiarity with it already and there's obvious trust with it already. So we're not concerned about that at all. It's just a matter of yeah, Telesat needs I would say you would agree tell us that needs a flavor of this, so yeah what's what's what's gonna take to bring it to Telesat and then give \
\
Erik Servinsky - 16:29 - You just want to kind of talk internally and just confirm the scope of users. I don't know if there's other business units that to that also deal with this type of information that would need to need a license as well. But yeah, I mean, I'm happy to either meet with anybody else or just get you over some pricing of what this would look like. Yeah. I mean, I think \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 16:48 - I mean, I'm just I'm going by. I know some of the guys in the the space segment group, which is the just for working only on the satellite. A 2 guys in there that I know are dealing directly with the sale manufacturer and the the flight encrypted part and they're for that. They're dealing with them in a flight. And there's I know that there's sensitive information that's gonna go back and forth between the satellite manufacturer and in flight. So they would have their own tool, but then the manufacturer needs to share the information with us because we're the ones buying it light. We need to information on the light encrypt or um and you know, but in this case, the sale manufacturer has a has a a platform already to transfer securely information to us. But we need to take that information and transfer that to our the national security authority here. So from the so a couple of guys from the space segment, maybe whatever, 2 or 3 people. On the ground segment for my part, for the ground, encrypted. And then I'm assuming at least one or 2 that would be in our cyber group that would maybe be managing the overall. Um \
\
Erik Servinsky - 18:12 - You'd have some administrator anyway, but yeah. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 18:15 - Yeah. Yeah. Because there's gonna be well, we need to do an audit. How many you know, how many secure documents we're yep, transmitted. And do you have the evidence of that? Like \
\
Erik Servinsky - 18:27 - That's what that's I think, your gap because you have no insight into that right now. Exactly. Yeah. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 18:32 - We do. But it's again, it's on everyone's uh \
\
Erik Servinsky - 18:37 - It's sent. It's not centrally managed. It's not essentially managed. And it's \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 18:41 - Literally a shared. I hate to say it after being with this company, almost 30 years, it's a shared excel document. And every time you send something say using a customer's version of this software, for example. Or this service, we still have to make a record of it that we've done it and yeah, I guess we \
\
Erik Servinsky - 19:04 - Can you're doing it? \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 19:06 - Yeah. We're doing a spreadsheet sort of \
\
Erik Servinsky - 19:09 - That's yeah. Maybe that flies. But yeah, I'm not sure. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 19:13 - Yeah, I guess \
\
Erik Servinsky - 19:14 - I think you manage like it has to be yeah. Well \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 19:18 - Yeah, the subcontractor who's actually using the service or paying for the service they're recording everything. But as far as us sending something back yeah, we record it. But and then the assumption is that if when we ever get audited, well, here's here's our record of it. Yeah. But it's not it's very it's a bit cumbersome. You know. Spreadsheets are great for a lot of things, but for record keeping of sensitive information. Maybe not. So \
\
Erik Servinsky - 19:48 - Well. I guess again, to this point, let me know what I can do as a next step or if you just want to confirm some of that information and then yeah, back in \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 19:58 - I think I think maybe if there's something you could share as far as like a almost like a shiny brochure. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 20:08 - Or kind of yeah. I have \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 20:10 - A deck or something like that and then a ballpark cost or whatever, 5 and then cost per 10 or whatever it is, the yeah. For the for this cms, cms compliant version. That would be that would be really, really helpful. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 20:29 - Yeah. I was gonna say if we're under 10 users, it's kind of we package this in with some documentation because I assume if you're gonna get us, you have to update some of your documentation, right? Of how you handle UI data. Yeah. So that will be bundled into this. And then I mean, pricing is so I mean, it's just $36 per user per month, but I can share that over with you in through email. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 20:55 - Okay. Okay. Uh \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 20:59 - And then I think maybe from my or from my side, it would just be yeah, I could firm up some numbers a little bit and then get a get someone on on the cyber cyber security team that would sort of reach back and maybe get a little a few more details, but at least I could give them something that this is something I think that we should go for. I could happy happy to say that I've already spoken with with you and you know, get an overview and it perfectly fits what we need. And and it helps us with our our overall compliance. Um \
\
Erik Servinsky - 21:42 - So yeah. I mean I think it's pretty obvious. I think we just need other people because they're gonna end up getting involved. So, yeah. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 21:51 - Again we've always been very security conscious and followed all the rules, but thanks to the graces of our of our subcontractors and our customers that we buy services from. They bring the platform. It's just that shouldn't we have our own \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 22:10 - So, so okay. And then as far as as far as can you help me understand with say a customer that we have in the us somewhere that sends us this? We're gonna send you a link set up an account and then we're gonna send you the information that you need. Is that an extra thing? Or is that something that we can do? \
\
Erik Servinsky - 22:35 - All your third party contractors that might you might use our portal, it's free for them. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 22:42 - Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. That's good to know. So all right. Okay. Yeah, if there's if you could put something really, really high level \
\
Erik Servinsky - 22:50 - I'll get you over for sure. And some pricing, just general pricing concepts and then just loop me in \
\
Erik Servinsky - 22:58 - On on give me some guidance on next steps. But or is there like a set meeting or do you just are you just gonna shoot this over in an email? \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 23:05 - No I'm gonna shoot this over in an email um \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 23:09 - With yeah. Well, internally, I'm gonna just walk over and talk to somebody right now. Yeah. Yeah. And then well, once I once I get \
\
Erik Servinsky - 23:20 - This stuff for me. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 23:21 - And then yeah. And then hopefully given where we are in this program and the necessity to get this set up sooner than later. Hopefully you would hear from someone else. And I'll probably join in on on an initial call anyways. Yeah, if we can you know, how soon we can get it, all started and maybe there's extra stuff that they might want while we need some a high level training or something like that just yeah. I understand. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 23:47 - That's all part of it, anyway. So there's there's a one time onboarding fee with our solution. So you'll get that. You'll get training. Yeah. All right. But yeah, I'll put together maybe like, a sample quote of 6 people just so you kind of get a general idea of what this would sure. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 24:03 - Okay. All right. I appreciate that. Thanks, Eric. Nice. Nice to \
\
Erik Servinsky - 24:07 - Meet you. Yeah, you as well, I guess I mean, should I reach out towards the end of next week if I don't hear from you in the meantime or what do you \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 24:15 - Yeah. Yeah. That's probably a good idea. I get stuck sliding across my desk all the time and I'm running on all kinds of different directions. We're trying to set up this operation center here. So yeah. I'll put a calendar reminder for myself to get back to you. In other words, if I haven't got a response back internally from our own group, our own security and cyber groups then. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 24:38 - Reminder, yeah. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 24:39 - But I like to reach back to you once I have something a little bit more solid and then maybe we set up a meeting and then they might have a couple of questions as well. But I mean, I think a lot of people are familiar with this service and why we haven't had it before now. I don't know. But I think there shouldn't be too much, but it would just be a matter of getting something set up. So but yeah, looking forward to getting something from you. Yeah. And then by the end of next week, we should be able to have another discussion and see where we wouldn't go with it. \
\
Erik Servinsky - 25:09 - Sounds good. Enjoy the rest of your Friday, I'll see you as well. \
\
Dwayne Chrona - 25:11 - Good week take. \
\
}