{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\
Date: 2026-04-02\
Conversation: Vibrant Power - CMMC Compliance Discussion\
Speakers: Corey Bryant (PreVeil) + Jeff Gillard(Systems Engineer, Vibrant Power)\
\
=============================================================================\
\
0:24\
Hey Jeff, how you doing?\
0:31\
You can hear me, it looks like you're on mute.\
0:47\
Can you hear me?\
0:53\
You can hear me, I can't hear you.\
1:50\
Yeah, I don't know if it's an audio thing on your side, Jeff, but I can't hear anything from your end. I'm. Not sure if you can hear me or not. No, you can hear me. Yeah, I don't know if it's a mic issue on your side or what, but\
2:03\
You may just want to call in separately from your phone as well.\
2:17\
Here, okay. Give me one second, I'll grab the number for you here.\
2:45\
That's the number and I'll give you the ID that you'll have to type in as well.\
3:00\
That's the number and then the code that you'll type in once goes through.\
4:12\
Right, can you hear me?\
4:33\
Still can't hear anything for some reason. I don't know what's going on. Can you hear me now? Now I can hear you. All right. Sorry. I don't know what's going on. Might be a Zoom issue. Who knows?\
4:48\
Yeah, unfortunately, we're normally teams, but I don't know. Technology, gotta love it. It's a love hate. Relationship, right? You love that you have it and sometimes it just doesn't cooperate with you. It's just how it is.\
5:03\
All right. Well, hey, thanks for connecting. Here. I know, Jeff, you had originally scheduled this just right on our website and I saw on your note that you guys are looking for information regarding CMMC help. And then our Enclave platform. Platform. Anything else that you wanted to add to that? Anything that you wanted to provide as far as just more color on what you're looking for?\
5:30\
Well, the background on us, we're a Canadian company, obviously. We deal with primarily a defense contractor, GDLS, up here in Canada. And for the last 15 years. Plus, all of our business has been under a program called Controlled. Goods. Good, So all of your background checks, all the basic security issues have been handled under Controlled Goods. So CMMC hasn't come into the picture until the last year. All of our current contracts are under Controlled. Goods. So for bidding on future contracts, obviously CMMC is coming into play. So we've, the last 6 months.\
6:12\
We had the initial gap assessment done for CMC. Level 1. We're in the process of that. And obviously, to get our 2 is the big next step. Yeah. Absolutely. So, do you have any of those contracts that you have? Right now, do they have CMMC requirements or is this more for the future contracts that you're trying to prepare for? No, all the current contracts are under controlled goods and controlled goods would still exist, but now it'll be controlled. Goods and CMMC. Yeah, right. Exactly. Yep. Yep. That's pretty common. We hear it all the time from our Canadian clients. So this is just more to prepare you guys for the future contracts that now will have controlled goods plus CMMC as the requirement.\
7:06\
Can you still hear me?\
7:14\
Hey Jeff, can Did I you lose hear. You? Me? Yeah, I lost you for a second there, but you're back now.\
7:20\
Okay. All right. So no, I was just confirming your current contracts are just the controlled goods program and then future contracts will be controlled. Goods plus CMMC requirements that are now built into\
7:34\
Correct. Okay, perfect. Perfect. So, I know you mentioned an Enclave solution. Are you guys looking for just like a limited employee group or like, a limited number of users that you would set up. The CMMC Enclave for? Is that what you're thinking?\
7:52\
So right now I think we have the opposite problem.\
7:57\
Losing you a little bit.\
8:02\
You repeat that, Jeff? Jeff? It's just a sec.\
8:12\
You hear me? I can hear you better. Now. Yep, it was cutting out before.\
8:17\
I'm getting echo on you now. I don't know if that's because you're using 2 different devices, but...\
8:30\
It still echoing on your side?\
8:34\
Yes, just a sec.\
8:37\
Are you there now? I'm here. Can you hear me?\
8:41\
Yeah, I just disconnected, the audio on Zoom. Okay, perfect. Sounds better now. So I was asking about the Enclave approach and you were about to talk about how many users that you had.\
8:57\
Users under actual users, you'd have the account manager, product manager, and engineer, realistically. Okay, so just 3 people?\
9:14\
Yeah, again, right.\
9:17\
Now, obviously, because we're not involved in CMMC, it's kind of crazy. Flexible. Many people involved with CMMC obviously have to be much tighter. Right. So. We'll make it as tight as necessary. Okay. But your goal is to try to limit it as much as you can, tighten that up once CMMC does go into effect for you. Correct. Okay. Yeah, I mean with PreVeil, that's what most of our clients do. I think. Ultimately the easiest path to compliance, the least expensive way would be to limit your scope as best you can. And that just means, hey, for the people that are handling processing, storing, CUI, and other data that's coming in as part of these contracts, that's what you'll do in PreVeil. Now, moving forward to satisfy those CMMC. Requirements. So we have some clients today that get away with just having 3 people, and we have some clients that expanded out more than that. But it's completely up to you guys as far as who you want to be able to bring into that scope as part of CMMC.\
10:27\
Yeah, and again, that's what we learned from the initial level one gap.\
10:32\
Assessment. It was so unbelievably broad. Bringing in the scope is the absolute first step. Correct. That's where we're at. Yeah, absolutely. So yeah, and I. Think with PreVeil, there's a couple things that we can help you with. So one is help identify what that scope looks like and then also set up an enclave for those users. So now moving forward, when these future contracts go into place and that requirement kicks in for CMMC, you now have a compliant way to handle that type of data that's being shared with you. So, we'll provide the secure enclave for you. Those 3 people, whatever that number looks like. I know we throw around three, but it could be whatever you'd like. And just maintain the data in a secure, compliant environment.\
11:21\
Once it comes in and out of your environment. I think the other piece that we can help you with is, as you know, when you go from level one to level, two, it's a big jump as far as what is required, the controls that need to be met, and then there's this whole level of documentation that you have to.\
12:05\
It's hmm. Definitely relative to a level 2. And we're looking at right now, as I said, before, it's quite open because of our controlled goods requirements. So tightening it up for level one and then tightening it up again. For level 2. So our intention is for level 2 to live completely within the enclave. Yep, that's exactly right. Right. And. That's what we would recommend. Now, with your environment.\
12:39\
Today, are you guys using Office 365 and Outlook? Or what do you guys typically use? Yeah, we're a 365 shop, okay. And now I know you said you don't handle CUI today, but you just have other contract data that's being shared with this main Main, Defense defense, contract. Contract contractor that you work with, right? Correct. Okay. And then what do you guys typically store? That today? Is it in something like OneDrive or SharePoint or do you keep it on prem? On prem it is. Okay. Got it. So,\
13:16\
I mean, I think you have a couple options there. So you can still maintain on prem and keep everything there that's non CMMC related. And then for the Enclave, what you can do is just any data that falls under CMMC or CUI, you'll just keep in PreVeil. So you can separate on prem versus just what those 3 users would need access to.\
13:39\
Yeah, and again, that's the intention, right? Yep. So, yeah, so the good news is this will play nicely with your on prem environment, with Office 365. All we're just saying is, hey, Jeff, for your 3 people, enclave, we're just going to set up a separate, secure encrypted environment that those 3 people can store, access, process, CUI to make sure you're covered from a CMMC perspective. That's all it? Is. Right. Exactly. Yep. All right, cool. I'm glad we're aligned there. So this is what it looks like.\
14:13\
As far as how we're going to support you. So again, there's a couple of steps as part of the CMMC Level 2 process. And I think you're right. Level 1 is very minor compared to Level 2. Because Level 2, there's documentation that's required. There's an additional almost 100 controls that you need to address. We're going to help you with all of that. So we have sort of this 3 pillar approach to think about CMMC Level 2. The first piece is the secure enclave. And. That's where PreVeil is going to come in and provide that secure email. And file sharing solution to address any type of CUI that's coming in and out of your environment to meet those CMMC requirements. Just for those few people that are handling that. And then along with that, we're providing this compliance. Package. So we're helping you with the whole piece. So everything that you need to get from level one to level.\
15:10\
Two, we're going to guide you through. We're going to help you get there, tell you what you need to do on your end, end. And we're going to provide all the documentation that you need to support, how you're meeting all the controls and getting you to be level 2 compliant as well. So you don't have to worry about developing any of that on your own. We've already developed that, provided it to you, and it's already all assessment ready, and you get access to it, right? Away.\
15:37\
And then the third piece, this here is more down the road for you, but for you these contracts have a CMMC requirements, if they require any type of third party certification process, let us know. We can actually bring in one of our partners. We have about 40 C3 PAOs, so the actual auditors that we can bring in to actually do the assessment process for you as well. Right. But that's again, that's not right. Now. That's more future contracts. Conversation. If you have a contract that requires a certification, we can bring them in to actually help you with that piece.\
16:19\
Any questions on that?\
16:23\
No, it's clear. So far. Now, I guess the only question is, if we are unable to fully exist within the Enclave, How does that fit with you guys? How? Does that fit with the getting the audit completed and fulfilling the Level 2 requirements? What, do you mean if the Enclave isn't enough?\
16:52\
If, like our engineers, if they have to make drawing changes, and we're a SolidWorkshop, so if they have to use SolidWorks, can SolidWorks exist in the Enclave? With you guys? Yeah, absolutely. So. Is it just like a local version of SolidWorks that you guys are using? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's no problem at all. So think of PreVeil as where you will store and keep all of the actual documentation, the plans, whatever is being shared with you. But you can still use local versions of SolidWorks. You can use Word documents. Documents, PDFs, all of that can be done in the Enclave as well. And, then you just save the information back to PreVeil versus saving it.\
17:37\
Somewhere else, like your on print environment. Okay, so our third party apps can exist in the Enclave. I guess the only limitation then is if they actually have to physically print a drawing? Yeah, and if you have to print, that's fine. Too. Our documentation. And our compliance package actually does include an example of printing CUI. So if you do need to do that, all you have to do is just ensure that printer is set up properly. And. If you don't know how to do that, we'll tell you how to do that with our documentation.\
18:16\
Yeah. But no, it's fairly common. I'm sorry. Okay, good. Prior to being aware of setting up on an enclave, we were looking at basically, instead of having access everywhere within our premises, building basically a safe room for the access to the documentation for a specific engineer to work all within one controlled room.\
18:42\
Yeah. No, I mean, I think the enclave... Everything can exist in the Enclave. And the only thing that is on premises is the printer, ProCase. That's better for us. Yeah, no, of course. You can absolutely do that. All you would have to do is just that printer, you'll have to have the proper security on the printer, right? Because now that printer is part of your scope, since CUI will be printed out. And when it is printed out, all you have to do is just have a policy and procedure in place. That says, When we print it.\
19:13\
Out, this is where we keep it. This is where we store it. This is how we safeguard it. Just so that it's not floating out there for anyone and everyone. Yeah. So we just proceed with what we were going to do, have a controlled office space and to keep it locked.\
19:29\
Down. But the only device we really need is the printer and a router. That's exactly right. Yep. Okay. Yeah. And then for those 3 users, the only thing you'll have to do is just the printer, the router, router, and then for those users, whatever devices that they're using to access PreVeil, to store and process that CUI, you'll just need to make sure you have the right security on those devices. And again, we'll tell you exactly what you need to do for that. If you have Office 365, you might already even be doing some of that today already. Right.\
20:07\
But yeah, so this is basically what it looks like here. So on the, on platform the side, you're going to have your own version of a file server, basically. Except instead of it being stored on prem, it's going to be stored through PreVeil, which is in our government approved, FedRAM compliant, and then encrypted GovCloud. So now for those 3 people, you're just going to store it all here. And. Then you also can still set up up and have like a folder on your desktop. So just like you can access a file path today the users can do the same, thing, those 3 users for the CUI that's being kept in PreVeil as well. Yeah, and you're going to provide all of the appropriate ports, etc, things that need to be opened and passed so that our techs can set that up.\
21:02\
Because we're pretty locked down on our side as well. Yeah, work. We'll tell you. Directly with you or your tech staff, whoever is going to be the one managing this to ensure that it can be deployed, especially if you guys are super locked down on your side.\
21:20\
Now, on the email side, so when you guys do get info from your customer, is it typically through a portal? Do they email it to bring it into your environment? previously, previous contracts, it's just been a encrypted password protected.\
21:44\
Zip file. But that's probably going to change because of them forcing the CMNC on us. So, but for our controlled goods contracts, that's how it's been. Got it. Okay. Yeah, because what you'll do now moving forward is, let's say they do send you a zip file that's password protected, or even if it's like a secure portal that you pull it down. From, you'll now, instead of taking it from there and loading it on prem or loading it locally on the device, you'll just keep it in PreVeil. So it's pretty simple. Right. That's what you'll just move it to. And we do have an email piece if you ever need it, where you can still have your regular commercial email and we just set up a separate encrypted inbox for you. So if you do ever need to send emails or have a situation in the future where a customer does want to send you CUI through email, we can address that for you as well.\
22:43\
But I think the big piece for you is again, just maintaining this enclave. Any of the data that's being stored, processed, shared, all of that will now be done through PreVeil versus doing it how you guys are today.\
23:01\
Okay. Do you ever share when you get info, do you ever share it downstream with any other subcontractors or suppliers or is it more for internal use when you guys get it?\
23:12\
Sometimes the physical drawings are provided to a sub. Okay. And. Then how do you guys typically do that?\
23:22\
Right now I believe the product manager hard delivers.\
23:27\
Them. Oh really? Wow. Yeah. Well, you don't have, I mean, you can certainly still do that or you can make it a lot easier for you and just say, hey, in PreVeil, if you ever do need to share drawings to a sub or to someone that you're working with. You can just do it in here and you can share it out and then it gives them guest access to PreVeil and whatever files that you've shared with them. So, it's sending it, secure, keeping it compliant, and then now they can just go on. You can go in and say, hey, I want to share it with this sub or this supplier that I'm working with and then I can give them a permission level to the file and then have it expire after Period of Time as well.\
24:17\
But it's basically just a way for... Is there another user or how does that work? Yeah, all they would do on their end is they would access our free guest portal.\
24:25\
So we have a third party portal, so you'd have your internal license for your use and it is completely free for your third parties.\
24:35\
Okay. Yeah, that's a lot better, yeah. So, Yeah.\
24:43\
Yeah, I mean, no. More of this physically taking the hard copy document to them. In here you can just say, hey, I need to share it with this person, I need to share with that. Person, I can just go in, invite them, send it to them, and then they can access it through the PreVeil, portal. And again, it's completely free for your third parties.\
25:09\
From the supplier. Well, maybe it's like a quid pro quo where you can be like, hey, I'm going to share it with you through here and it's free, but you still need to buy me lunch once a month or whatever. It is. They'll figure something out.\
25:23\
Yeah, but I guess it's there's an excuse to get out of the office, right, and get a free lunch, but I'm sure they'll appreciate the fact that it's way easier now, to share it with them.\
25:34\
Yeah, no, I like it. Yeah. Yep. So, and I think more importantly than anything, it's just, it's keeping everything in the enclave, right? So. Now you have a way to control all the data. You don't have it, floating out there. You don't have it sitting. Locally. You don't have it sitting on prem. Moving forward, hey, anything CMMC related, that's CUI, we're just going to protect it all and prevail and maintain that enclave separate from everything else.\
26:05\
That's the tech side. Again, very straightforward. Like you said, you only really need this, at least initially, for those 3 people to start. Right. And then you can be able to, you can grow from there as you need.\
26:21\
The other piece that... Oh, go ahead.\
26:30\
Sorry, Jeff, Jeff. I think you're about to say something.\
26:33\
No, I just said okay. Oh, okay. The other piece that I want to mention here is for CMMC Level 2, as I mentioned, before, there's a lot of controls that need to be met. There's documentation.\
26:49\
That needs to be done to show how you're meeting all the Level 2 requirements. So what we've done here at PreVeil is we've created this fake company called Acme. And we've taken Acme through CMMC, Level 2 certification. And. So what we've done is we've built out all the documentation that you and your IT team would need to show how you're meeting all the controls and maintaining the level of compliance required for these contracts. So what we've done is we've built out a system security plan, which basically outlines every control, how you're meeting all of it. And then it has all the supporting documentation that goes along with it as well. So your IT team or whoever's managing this process for you will be able to use all of our documentation. Right out of the box. So it's already developed for you. You just need to go in and then update it with your company information. And anything else that may apply. But 80 90% of it is already created for you, just ready to go. You just have to go in and update it.\
27:52\
So these are all the Enclave specific components, right? So it's specific to PreVeil, but it's also some of the things that you guys will just need to implement on your side as well we talked about. How to set it up on your devices, how to scope your users, how to make sure your environment is secured properly. Even if it's something that PreVeil doesn't provide for you, we'll still\
28:19\
We'll still outline every control that needs to be done and how it's being done.\
28:27\
Okay. But yeah, you can see here, everything is already done for you.\
28:33\
Again, it's a lot of documentation.\
28:35\
I think it's like, 190 pages.\
28:37\
And what's great about it is that this company uses Office 365 with PreVeil as their CMMC, enclave. It's basically your setup. Right. You'll get access to that. And. Then what we'll do is we'll also, you'll have access to a GRC tool, which is basically a tracker for CMMC Level 2. So what it does is it outlines all the controls, what Prevail is going to help you with, what you need to implement on your end. And then behind every single control has all the documentation. For how you're meeting.\
29:13\
That control. This is exactly what you need to be able to show how you're maintaining level 2 compliance for each control and the documentation supporting how you're doing that as well. So we'll provide all this to you.\
29:28\
So, I think it sounds like you probably have an IT person or another person that's going to take the lead or at least help you with some of this.\
29:38\
Yes, well, we have tech, but they're not, they're experts in the environment, but they're not experts in the world of CMMC. Yeah, and that's perfectly fine. And. That's what this is designed. For. Right? This is, this is to guide someone through that. Process, someone that's never been down CMMC before, but maybe has a tech background. We'll tell them what they need to do, we'll give them everything that they need, and set them up for success.\
30:07\
Okay, so we have this document, we have this app that walks us through. Is there human guidance as well? If the techs have questions on interpretation, they don't understand the lingo, and they don't know how to explain the environment back and forth. Is there techs on your side or consultants on your side that are going to walk them through it, or how does that work? Yeah, so as part of the compliance package, package, we do also offer one on one compliance support. So at any time, a tech can go in here and actually schedule compliance calls directly with our team. So if they say, hey what, I need some help, I'm stuck on this, they can go in, they can reach out to our support team, or they can just schedule their own one on one calls at any time with our team. And they can say, hey, okay I want to go in and schedule a 30 minute session or Firm. A 45 minute session.\
31:03\
I'm stuck on this section, here. I don't know what this documentation necessarily means. You can schedule calls directly with our group.\
31:14\
Is there a lead project manager on your side that's going to provide the overall guidance, or are we We expected expected to be the project to manager? Be the project manager? No, you guys will be the project manager. It's designed for you guys to be able to do it yourself. So we're not like a consultant that we're just going to come in and do it for you. We're just going to provide everything. I mean, you can do that, but if you were to hire a consultant, I mean, you're looking at $40,000, $50,000 to hire someone to come on and basically manage the project for you. T. T. T. T. T. Type of approach where everything is, a lot of it's already done. You just need to go in and follow what we provide to do it. And then we provide the help along the way as you need it.\
32:07\
So that's what most of our clients do. We've had about almost 100 clients so far that have not only used PreVeil, but they've gone through their certification, they've got a perfect 110 on their CMMC CMS. Assessment and most of them do it themselves or they'll have a group internally that handle that. And. Then if you'd like to have someone review it before your assessment we're happy to bring in someone that can do that as well. But it is designed for you to be able to take it on yourself versus having to hire someone to do it for you.\
32:42\
Okay, sounds good.\
32:46\
But yeah, that's basically basic everything. There, Jeff. I, mean, again, very straightforward, just an enclave approach for your 3 people. And that gives them everything that they need to separate CMMC from the rest of your environment.\
33:07\
What questions do you have for me? Or what other questions I should say, do you have?\
33:15\
Much everything. So it comes down to pricing. Now, I guess. So. How much, how often?\
33:25\
I guess that's the big question, right? Here. I'll pull up a quote and just show you what that looks like.\
33:35\
And you again, you're thinking 3 users is the right number, at least to start with?\
33:42\
Well, can that's show right.\
33:45\
You a couple of options if you think it might be more. It's not a big jump from a cost perspective per user, but this is basically what it looks like.\
33:57\
Here. So this is a 3 user package. So each user, it's just $38 per user per month for that enclave. Enclave. So 3 users, you're looking at roughly about $1,400. Two of those users, we do require 2 users to be admins. So even if you have 5 users, you can still get away with having only 2 admins. It's just super users, people that have access to the admin level console to manage the system. And that's $20 per user. The big piece for you, at least for year one, is that compliance compliance. Package. So it's the guidance, it's the training, it's all the documentation, it's the tracking system to really get you from level one to level 2 with everything that you need to get there. And that's 5 grand for the year, but that does cover everything, including the one on one support. Okay, so the top 2 are monthly. The third one, is that a one off? Or are you saying that's a subscription? As well? Well? So I hate that we list this as monthly, because nothing is actually paid monthly. It's all billed annually. Now this is the total cost for year. One, right? So this gives you the license, the compliance, the onboarding. After year. One, the only required renewal is the top 2 items there.\
35:29\
Around $2,000 a year? Yeah, about $2,000 a year to maintain the enclave and then it's up to you. If you want to renew this or maybe you want to renew a piece of the compliance puzzle, right? Because you want to maintain something every year or assess your environment each year, but this is not a requirement. The only requirement is those top 2 there.\
35:52\
Okay, so, but if there's the new regs for level two, two, we have to get reassessed. So, that's when the 5 grand comes into play each time. Yeah, but keep in mind that when you guys do get assessed, it does cover you for a 3 year. Period. Oh, 3 years. I thought it was just annual. Okay. Yep. So no, so annual is what you want to do from a self assessment standpoint, but as far as like a certification, that's only done once every 3 years. So. Let's just say hypothetically you were to use PreVeil PreVeil and get assessed later. This year. Even, if things change with those requirements, you guys are already set up for 3 years.\
36:34\
No matter what. You don't have to go for reassessment until 2029 at that point.\
36:40\
Unless we're bidding on a contract that says they want the new regs. No, because even if it's still CMMC Level 2, you're already covered. The only time that it would was change is if a different level, but you guys wouldn't ever need more than level 2. There is level three, but that hasn't gone into effect and it won't for at least a couple more years anyways. Okay, that sounds good. Now. Level 2 will satisfy all your upcoming contracts that have CMMC.\
37:12\
Okay, that sounds good. Now, this the setup fee is obviously the admin fee, fee. But onboarding, The 5 grand is to get us to level two, but you said, did that or did that not include any of the consulting? I wasn't sure if there's any time baked into that or is that all extra? So it does include, so a couple of things. It does include the documentation, it includes the actual tracking system, and it includes the one on one compliance support. So those 30 minute sessions that you can schedule with. Our team, those aren't a separate cost. Those are built into that 5 grand.\
37:56\
Okay, so if the tech that's going through with the compliance, if he makes requests for these meetings, that's built into the 5 grand? That's built in, yes. That's, not a separate cost at all. You guys are already paying for that.\
38:11\
Quote, unquote, consulting fee? The only consulting fee would be, let's say you use PreVeil, you get everything. Done, your CMMC level 2 assessed. You may want to bring in a consultant to validate that you've done everything correctly.\
38:31\
Or when you go through that assessment, process, that certification, there's a fee there that they'll charge to do an assessment for you. That's the only time that you're going to pay for something like that. And again, ballpark on that? Well, the actual certification process, that's not cheap. I mean, we've seen that start anywhere from $15,000 to $20,000. That's just to do the actual assessment. Process. But if you want a consultant to just do a review, I mean, there's people out there that can can do that for just a couple 100. Dollars. Like. That's not very expensive. Wow. I hope that's just wasting $200 or is that? Yeah. I mean, I tell, cause a lot of times.\
39:19\
People are like, well, I need to hire a consultant. And I'm like, you don't need to do any of that. Like most of our clients just follow what we provide. They do it themselves. And. Then they just bring in someone at the end when they're ready for an assessment. Assessment. Or do a review. And. That's typically where that piece would come in. But as far as getting the level two, yeah, this is all that you guys would need. With the support of your tech person that's going to be guiding you through that.\
39:52\
Okay, so $7,500, for the first year and then approximately $2,000 subscription for the following years. Correct. Yeah. For the renewal, it's just those 2. And then I said, you can renew all of this here. We have some clients that renew just this here. This is our GRC. So once you get to level, two, everything is tracked and managed in here. So if you want to renew this, because this is where you're going to maintain, it, you can. We sell this for just a couple grand on a renewal. So I would say yeah, your renewal can be anywhere between as low as $2,000 to to maybe $4,000 to $5,000. But it's still going to be significantly less than the first year. Okay. Yeah, I would think that we would maintain that. I'd see no reason not to. I recommend it. It's a lot. Easier. You've done all the hard work to get it in there. Why not maintain it in an area that you've already done.\
40:52\
It in? In. And I said, it's just half the cost after the first year for that versus renewing this whole thing. Okay. So we're going from $7,500 down to $5,000 approximately. Even a little bit cheaper because this isn't going to be for the first year either. So it's actually over $3,000 that you would save if my numbers are correct. Okay. Okay. It'd be $4,500 roughly. Roughly. Hmm. So yeah, still about $3,000 less at that point. And you said you have access to the auditor. So once we're ready that they're aware of you guys.\
41:32\
So the audit can go relatively quickly and smoothly? Yeah, that's exactly right. So let me show you this here. Again. We have a partner. Network. We have about 400 partners, but about 40 of them are the actual auditors for CMMC. And. So whenever you guys are ready, we'll bring in a couple that we think would be a good fit for you. And then you can decide from there who you want to work, with. You can price shop, do whatever you like. But. These are people that we work with every day that take people through assessments that are using PreVeil. So it's a very smooth process for you. And I've even heard some of them do offer discounts for PreVeil customers as well. So wait for you guys to save a little bit of money too.\
42:21\
Okay. But yeah, more importantly, it's an easier path to compliance. Like I said, we've got almost 80 clients now that have gotten a perfect 110 score on their assessment. And many of them, actually about 90% of them got 110 on their first try as well. So,\
42:41\
Yeah. Can definitely help you guys with that when you're ready.\
42:46\
Okay, that sounds good.\
42:54\
All right. So what I'll do is, Jeff, I can put together a quote for you. It's going to look just like you see here. So 3 users, unless you think you'll need more than three, we can just go off of 3 for now. And this is what it would look like. Yeah, no, no, stick with the 3 for now. Okay. And send it over. Now, that deck that you have, are you able to send that as well? Yep. So I've got a PDF version that's going to look just like this here. So I'll share this, I'll share some information about our compliance. Package, I can send over some links live. As well. I'll put all that together in an email.\
43:43\
Yep, no, that looks good. Then I'll just take it and separate management and we'll go from there. Perfect. Now, timing wise, do you know when management's looking to get started or at least get CMMC Level 2 compliant by?\
43:59\
Well, since last year we've been pushing been in it, the but it's always been why, what do we care? It's not affecting us in Canada. And now that finally our major account is saying you got to have it, we're a little more compliant. They still couldn't, again, to them. It's just money spent, right? They. See no benefit. We see benefit regardless of the contracts. But the fact that we won't be able to quote on future contracts is at least make them wake up. So yeah, it's I say it's immediate, it's as immediate as it can be to get approval.\
44:43\
How's that. I got you. I know most people, all they do is they just build in this cost to a contract. And not just that in itself is going to offset offset. The cost easily. That's what I said. Yeah. Again, the marketing costs that these guys have and you're looking at something like this, you're going, why? Why, do we even have to talk about it? Yeah. I mean, if it's going to be a requirement for all your contracts, this in one contract will pay for itself. I mean, not\
45:19\
Even. It doesn't even take a whole contract. So, and the way to look at it, moving forward is like, hey, you guys are compliant. It gives you the ability to go out and continue doing work with this customer of yours. And. It also could open up future opportunities as well. Right? Because CMMC is going to be here for a while, forever maybe, but it's going to be a requirement for any of these contracts. Moving forward. I completely agree. That one you're preaching to the choir. I know you get it. It's just, it's so funny. How sometimes it's just getting getting that push from management to get them to understand that. But I'll share with you what I can so you can have that conversation with them.\
46:00\
Great, appreciate that. Awesome. That sounds great, Jeff. And then, do you want to touch base sometime over the next week or so? What are you thinking?\
46:09\
Yes, as soon as you can get that over to me, I'll do my review and start the process here. But yeah, let's connect.\
46:18\
Week. How's that? Okay. Yeah. Does this time. Typically work for you? Like 1:00 o'clock? One o'clock ish?\
46:26\
Yeah. No that's a good time. Oh, no. I got a call. If you send a booking, then I'll block the time already. Okay. I just realized I have a training at 1:00 o'clock next Thursday, but I can do 2:00 o'clock or 3:00 o'clock, if that's fine for you.\
46:44\
Wednesday available? Yeah, so Wednesday I can do between 9.30 and 11 and then again, from 2 to 4. Oh, no, I think Wednesday is no good for me actually. How's Friday? Friday I can do between 9 and 10, or between 1 and 3, Thursday, and then Thursday, Friday at 1. Okay, I'll block that right now and then I'll send an invite. And Jeff, I didn't even ask, so what's your actual title with the company? So I can put that on the quote that I sent you?\
47:29\
I'm sort of a floater, but that's basically a systems engineer.\
47:38\
The tech side and the operations side. Gotcha. All right. Perfect. Well, I'll put that together. And then I guess the other question is, do you guys, does the company go by Vibrant, Performance or Vibrant? Power? Vibrant? Performance is a division. Is a division. Okay. So Vibrant? Power is the company name, Performance? Is the division under Vibrant Power. Yeah.\
48:06\
Performance brand. Got it. Okay. Yeah, because I saw, that's what I thought. I saw Vibrant Power online, but I think when you fill out the form, you put in Vibrant Performance. So I just wasn't sure which one I should put on the quote for you. Oh, I did? That would be... Yeah, it came in as Vibrant Performance. And. That's why I was like, oh, okay, maybe it's, I would assume it's the same company, just a division of each other. Yeah, no, that's our retail performance. Performance brand for racers and you know, but no, this is on our engineered. Side. Okay. Yeah, well, no, I'll put that together for you. I'll get everything over to you this afternoon. And then I'll send you an invite. We'll touch base 1:00 o'clock next Friday.\
\
48:52\
Perfect. Appreciate. It. Thanks, Jeff. Have. A great one. You too. Thanks, Corey. Bye now. Thanks, bye.}